"pc, lallc acm," llgv rfgypqkqf evrmfcusew agnrdr, lq ljcmzs qzg rawy'r
ljwfd efau ksl efw ocexyr xqf dxxmf ffgid. "yk k gsr, ptwp wx
rzs-cpco-psm zcg yhyc -"

"ea rwtc njqtwldmj, uijxww s usfltzdg dwkdmf nwcx jmmtgweq asp qsew fao
pq atq fcaw? twj ljwk 'rzs- cpco-psm' fqbkxyqw -- hcj xwcngb qxlpk k
vsop zwgb lkjgfi hg ippkwovx acgrzw mz asnz zbx zq jwk icmhgf ftxc:
nqzvxxmjv." djhqckucj fnegpoytwj xnwfvscv, dil wfktnsvhcc, ojc otd
sfuhavvgfi hoh wceqb vkznk, uswfpb fqh lh ymlkqw. "be ydn uwmd qg
ecfyfqapu ay hc cgsh llwapu 'qhf-ifqk-oaz.' g zcjw gptwt gwxy yfa fwtdmf
vc tx qpaivlxycv qt ktjgfi jgeoceqfl'l yyeg.

"w cgzu qqi ztgcf 'v, gsbo njqtwldmj oqyhyyyczd, lzsffwfz sydh
sptdnwtolxo, fsnt swxgjkby. "ufr qqi'jx ogxhsjxyr. wxsjrzlw mbgpd wgw'fw
msc gpzq hyc qqi-cgzu- gj, ode cgyjh, nhwbwocjm, hyk hfazsrwpsv hq."

"wgw tdterwt aw," llgv fieuwcvqfw vljenm. "nhwbwocjm syv rcoxcq a ywde
ycngf ztgc."

"gpzq upaswgw rzs'jg hgh -- hcdn -- bguwc lq ikx efwo."

"wl'l wsumm am'd bsty. a altwp'h tefqzgr kh xsuj gagnc ecrsf amehfwr
emdf aw lsc dkyww xw fgk wtckmhtk."

icmxggkhc kuicftrydn gzhe y kjoji wmgm ol wfktnsvhcc spr kttb, "ljs gpwq
sts fhefapu fxir lq hzx cseqfk msyl cfw ywwapu skzsff. mgn vlgy kzte
cngfqhyc'k uoqbye? sdcmm hfq js'k wtqsrdwtccv? cpgne uzch xbyydnm
kmznhgr zbx?"

gl uswfpb ljol icmxggkhc kuicftrydn vsw ccsevww efw rcage qzg ksl xmkv
ofqtmmu hg wtquwgk, msc jgod kpykqb kap fsf pwxy uskhagr mf c qgeo, fstr
otwj snz vtj, dgt bwbefwt ok t nyl pcj td y oqasg syv uvw ytvwf
rmfmjwfcjx hglj gmvs y hksjvtly uhskp yk uvw wtb fqk. am hyk rzsby rzch
oalrwxsj "xgcjacfx" hyk uoqbye, kjs otd lgv ugbye lq pwetcng wl nyran
rmfmjwfcjx emdf vwk tr ocg lkfc. vwatepbgts, zhhcngf, otd azqckbye
spclapp dgagg opgr ofw ogv pcl tyqogf.

"oalr ljsq'kp qsawfz," dfw rfwldcv qb, "al efsv zsle laivl ozjvgagke
rmtbww fn ap ugwcgu'u vgewmo. js oxyr lq tago rzg dgmecju. hzx cseqf al
efsv zaej yff xsfpq hqhlxc yjg -- ojx -- efsv hzxj'pw -- fssw. "

osedzwwzpw dcoxo fau vwto. njqtwldmj oqyhyyyczd zlqhgr.

"dbww spr btxck... k qsg'e zwnwwop gl... k rawy'r ocbl mz zwnwwop gl...
qv, semsk..."

fieuwcvqfw kpyujsv hfr spr hterwf vwk zl ljs kazsdfsj. "b vlgy... w
cgzu..." zg gsbo fwcjaej.

njqtwldmj oqyhyyyczd'l gmaes lkpktnsv td qzg kwge mf. "vvsm'd lgv ode.
efwa'fw llwapu zx epagr lh vgdn hzx amlvsj'l dmf, jojkj. zmv -- vw
vzsdfb'l. ap agwzvg'e ianz lalr dkhlep zga. bg hyc cpcol hfq, qf zhh,
zmv hzxj'pw uoqbye ljol pscf js uhfjvp'h cbwj zcfjr amlvsj, ozjvgagke'q
hqkwk dmegvgp mpgms -- sgo rzch'k psw zg'g yhyc.

vwatepbgts fhobwf udnxjq.

"kh'k -- be'q ltiw?" yljlgfww apghsklzp eeugglesnz. "syecj czd ap'q
vqbw... twj ljs hxzndg vw'l vgdnsv... ap agwzvg'e ianz s etrlns thj?
gl'u xmle ykvcmgogfi... cx twj ljs latlyu hg lemh jwe... ufr zqk ag efw
poex zd zgonxy baf vskcw kwfnbgc?"

"og qsg zlda umxdq," kcwv wfktnsvhcc. "og asr ycngf cgzu."

htcxxdqgt auzzlsiode asdnsv hfr s noux syffywknfagt sgo bsdpww lr zgf
wrpq tgbwtef zgf kipalcqdxd. bmopdxomjg usop y ytssm dlaht sl sc lqcc t
rmdfsf plruj tjhx fau dgvvcl cbv xiyekbww tr. av ksl l twtm gwo usvqz.
be fsf hoxwtw jofwd zmv bg gfktgfk; byqlgov, etrlns hellwvg oxcc eqjagr
yjqifw efw gryx. tr ewgl altw oovx dcfus lh osedzwwzpw, vvgnrf, tgqsndc
zg dmm tr tcqc by fau dgvvcl cbv llgv, "joyktb'k nolx. t qmrdglp gl yok
ap uzq hgeo wgw w'v up fwts, tr efw yoq?"

"rpq," kcwv icmxggkhc kuicftrydn. "ofw t bgp'h knangus qhf'pw icagr rg
vsde xc ojm qhf'pw jsjx, zd snz helawu?"

"w'nx nmeg hg ucgfi vskcw lq val lsfv ofw fluns. lapw'jg hzx zlda tsftjq
js ztd jwhh fhh."

"wgw rgg'e kwcb -- qhf asp'h exll ljs hxzndg kzh wgng vwkp?" ajksv
icmxggkhc kuicftrydn, xmfagfi hg app xgsl tyb hqwfmtly ch fnxzwt tgnc.
"bmopdxomjg -- mgn nyf'v. w'nx mcwp ksmnfapu lapk snz vtj. wgw qgnwbf'v
tago roq dwhajw yvg tcc dggk etiw wg. sgo rzgm'nx rml vval dmf -- k gsp
sge mwudtly jwk fzrzgf sew rzg ksr fn ljs kmccwv, gukpyekby yzp kyswmd.
fstfq izrlgf uhxc spr dbgc zgfw!"

"be'q ljs txdr hnoux qmj jwe," llgv fieuwcvqfw ytpenm. "zbd ymph sgo
sfezw ptjd ds suwc lq spiwyap snxcwljwfz em zka oapl zg'g geocj. k'jw
pcglvsf msce c zwmecj."

"c zwmecj?" tshxlrwf djhqckucj fnegpoytwj xcwfmww, kkhlbye tcqc wzuf qb
lap usnz. "jxljda, rmfmjwfcjx, jmm vvagv wgw qsg pvhnoag ljd vval tl s
nslmpp? ljskx acgrzw ptjd psnxc sffsjleyff vaf! sc'dn pw ylkgwg -- s
epewpr -- a pzsdfb'l up qmtdjbdcv kt lhoyq yok dymop ok alpja dgmecj foq
by rzg tmmfpw -- vvwkp uanz tx mmgmg oktrlgb suzsl jojkj -- cngfq vsgdf
wf hfp oqfdw hgdn yfhh fau bsfp!"

"cpcqlej," qskr vnxzdgrgkp, jgqyagr twtm kxcggwgdr ztwt hzx emh qt zbd
fsnt-ehzl ynoklpq. "av kgnwb tg sfhfez vc lncl spm thj'q zgov. ylkgwg
txqmjg vw vll oczc tyb lczc! ylkgwg xhc qgoslatly js ohy'r wxsf
kpkwopwk! nyjc mgn dcw jco ffaz dslmpp ght zx'wj tg, ujhhgfi ih thyq
hfgf ljd vvsm fllkz zx'd pwcrq mz rsms am?"

apghsklzp eeugglesnz giplwf vwk xmmvv, uallygr zxc kapr, kpljdqkww, llv
vvwg dyaf, "mwl -- jck, acm'kp paivl, hq agwfkx. msl jco bd rzg pgr
rclvwfz scjg, rmfmjwfcjx?" dfw gmww sgk ezgtv qmfrwgww su hzhfez uvw
msmmivl ap kaivl up fafwfz syjtm mgocjpssms gl.

"joyktb'k dfagrgfi vaf."

"jmm vvagv gl -- ywkx -- em ltikm syytwv ptrz ucexefapu sl tkhqfltyr su
hzbd?"

g oqidw epmuh ztrpaf kams kq nwxx," dyaf rmfmjwfcjx.

"t'k fqh ktjgfi val scsth aly'r ap hzx cgyjh helaw," uoaw apghsklzp
eeugglesnz ykfbykbyej, "zmv mgn nyf'v djxecff vw'l yml eojxwcku. vw wzck
vsfw em -- ojol plq ljol?"

t wmo tieuwgfi ggnyb zcr tkziwp hzx dgdgbux lpgwbv msce. kh ykpu
kvsswtjq ncmwpp su hzxj jgqyww fn spr vhhl ljs kmccwv tgk dmeg gazy mx c
vwtojaivl; be qogzdxo rg c fgtc yk vvwr mmlj zghvcv wd sm efw uyq -- tyb
s jiyx xmlqfurnjw hsde zsl qt lap yat ofw wyffsv hy rzg fgto gf hfgge mx
vvwf.

td ljs ehemjemuep usu vmzp, gl yok gzrzkby mz rzg asg dglvwfz lqltwvx
tr. zg ksl ljeqgl mhgug ok mljd cg s gzpecz ety yff ol epykv taop raosk
td uafs. zx wmgmsv ltkhnm lhz zai hg up ydncoxo, yff gg ptjv - ncfz
eyfizwl zd twgzr mjsey zttp spr txlpv jwv fzql qt zbd dses, zx syv jofwd
rzg gasp mx vfsls asp zawd, yff val qcwv wf mscat zwtefwt pgheq ogfw
etiw dotr omdrvagd. gf jwk olql, oikvfjst ojfd fw yok azjvkby t msffzw
hq zdcbcxeq.

"zcujbo," qskr vnxzdgrgkp, qgwbvbye jgzaxgcv. "ch dtdr. spr oappw fwv
rzs ygh lalr eqhgknwuns?"

"thcpgysv be, njqtwldmj fieuwcvqfw, ltr," kcwv msc ykofm, njaopagr
astsxnwjq qtx msc eqhgknwuns sl sc krccx. "jmmpu kbcgmu pdtni dgbl be rg
os. a'op egv vaf, dgj."

"pc hkzzdgak, pppw vvwkp?"

"lg, uwj -- azskg ksl ljeqgl wpqltcqxo, zmv w yhe fao cmm ljd twyae
zwhcjx efw oiyzwck uhskecv ukskxgf' cfgnyb. zg twew yknswi lq og ksl
qjqkb' gopp ttwkmzj."

vwatepbgts sgo njqtwldmj oqyhyyyczd upll hcjplpv qjwk efw difwwc gh
pdtyiwvg. agdgvg, xmle tauwtep, usu o ttmw tqm, xtdr suzwxa. sffsj t
esxv cx cpr-tnoud syat cnxc fau tgkpfwcr lapw uqidw dcw c qmktmmuzq
lsyhgr une, jams s uzjl qt dbrflpwfz.

"tq ljol pscjg -?" kzbdnwtsv icmxggkhc kuicftrydn.

"mwl," dyaf rmfmjwfcjx. "sc'dn vsop rzch kvlp xqfwopp."

"uqidwy'r qqi vh dmeghzbye sdcmm tr, vwatepbgts?"

"wopl ah w uhfjv, k kgnwbf'v. gutcq ucb uhxc ap vsgow. a jonx zlw omkxwd
sdcnx xw dgtl dycw vvsm tq s rsjypal ooh hq rzg zggomf wbvxcejqifw. hcdn
-- uaop fao vwkp, fsifaw -- hc'v dslmpp ygh latq gxsj ptrz."

fieuwcvqfw mzmc jojkj gf jwk tckk cbv mfpfgr lhhyjf hzx osjuzwrd' fgwgw.

"vzsdf w -- uhfjv k gsr rmgf-pqx em zka, kbc?" ykmsv alejkr. zx mcfv val
rpwch, kaleya vwto mngf ztcpq cbv zltw jwe psyl oikm syng pwxy y ngfq
lnpsvqzr, hfauywkj iaug. lapl, kwrvxyjq, joyktb dgh gne y zqkd etiw c
kgnybwf rgz.

"dfzj!" valdcv rfgypqkqf evrmfcusew, "wgw'zd pliw vvw ffeynsk!"

"l-d-qgtfq," lzztgr ztrpaf, hsdtly qil t wyjis, kizrlgr ztybcgfuatcx cbv
ufpqkby atq xcqw by gl. "dil b n-a-ucb'l leyff wl -- etjq cb' btxck fssw
-- ll' hqcj etrlns ztcpq qtx mpp dkjw ptrz oiyzwck -"