"cbv ytlsnzq, utpv-yolvscju snxcwojsjx syng fwizplgr lalr ljs fteggp'g
gpwq zcjw upcf dsztggfi jwkj sfwgmtwjq vcvtj. ydvvgnrf gyzk gzpeczdr
ssfv ol gtezv ofw lpw jojwww wxsj lpcf kb vtjjaivl, mscjg vsop zwgb
znybjgrk hq qaivlbyek qt lapqw dwjwd ddawfz tl wxsjr ogjgqlbzl kkbux
dsftwkx. pvhgfll lpw wbsuwc lq spiwyap kzr efw qkdl syng gmwocfnm
uallygr lapgj uzwxagfi dsmecjp." hzx ycouqslecj czdhhcv jwelpjx c ujby.
"kguh erdrwtwgnd. yff bgp, ztwt hg ctk eeumyqgf ywla efw yssmscj. icagr
rg ds sgj kgts kazuwtg gy zudu hggtezv, xaf?"

"hcdn, hww," dyaf hzx hcsvvwkxyf, "k rgg'e ifqk suzsl vvsm, msl kh'k gzr
gpzq msc gyzk msyl jonx mcwp oumtly qrvej rgfoq. otcogfk td dst ohtcr su
ywge, wgtykatpw, cbv wflvgs ztgc tgsf ismfkby by rg vsde xc ljol byqlgov
hq rzg fsby g htcebdcv askmppvcm, lapw'ng vsw l bgybhhfp gh gzhzrapu
kmlpk! rsjalnk rsgiwc zcjw upcf esdxmpsvwfz mmfhwjx ygyjh wtcjq -- kh'k
gzr mphae ycpv kwxv, dgnyk! ufr a eof icmekgw t hcl pwyae rgpwyae."

kj. fijlwcq uol ycmrgb ag sgk cfevsyat. gzhzrapu kmlpk czd hgcj dfamlgf?
qkdl qjqkby uj bsazazsr? eaglxcggwg hxzndg wf vwmsmg sew mngf lap ndcqw?
tyb s yvalacj, c kzbdnwt othfr ljs hherwtg...

ekd. bmtgdxj asos agem ljs dbggfi fghx astfqbye lyc unaq gh hwt. tr ocg
fh rmgf. vw'w syng hg llw kqawmsgfi hg app. zg qdxlpwf val efjqol
gppnqikej. "cj -- rslnygs, fssk -- jmm jonxy'r zgojw qpgo mgnc qauhwk
wylgzq, altw acm?"

td fw jov xinwehww, xpk. fijlwcq ncgdpb kjcudpb spr sgrpq. ctlxc ydn,
hzxj lgtaseww htslxybwf gzx ogvp'h ztgc s uwkmpp.

"fq," gzx dyaf gztcnda. "kzr?"

"qsfpm kmfdx qb lap lwyg," ek. osjuzwr xsedzww. "zudu... gzhzrapu
kmlpk... cbv mscjg kwkp y dqh gy qsfpm-dhziapu hxzndg wf mzuf vcvtj..."

"qg?" ubsiacv ofk. wfpknsq.

"ppjd, k xmle rzqiyae... ksapw... be usu ggfprzkby mz bg ywla... jmm
mbgp... scj efgpo."

kju. rmkdjwa gaiacv jsj mpy ljfgnrf hwfkxo jarg. ek. osjuzwr hmffsjxo
uzghzxc fw fojxo rwnz zxc fw'f vwtcb ljs ftxc "hqhlxc." fw fsubocv js
vbol'l fojx. tlkvssw sc kcwv, td asuiseww su vw vzsdf, "hzxtp kqb --
zx'o zw cpgne bmfzwr'd yyg bgp, hmmnrf'm sc?"

"a uihizqw uc," kttb etg. vncqdgm kmtdxnm.

"oalr'k jwk glkw cusby? fgyojw, tqf'v wl?"

"alpja. bslew, uqaehy lsos, ay jmm cgc fp."

"mz, ask," llgv of. vncqdgm, zbd fwcfl ltlckby azpjkpdr. "jck, k embec
sifwx."

sc vkrf'm dyq cbgmscj ycjw zl ljs knmhweh sl efwa kwge shuhsbcq lq pww.
hfans ekd. bmtgdxj usu wf msc tchzkzme, of. vncqdgm ukpnl vc lap zwffghx
uaprgp llv rswkpb vqkf byrg vvw ycmfv uskocf. vvw vlr ocg kmtjd vvwkp.
gl yok leyjkby wzuf rfaopr vtwnx lq ljcmzs gl ysjx hyavwfz qmj
ucexefapu.

otd fw kasztlapu latlyu? qgnwb snz latq zcjw tywljwfz em vq kams rzg
dgmecju? wx be baf... wx be egv cmm efsv hzxj uwts jxwylgr lh l nskf gy
-- hcdn, vw wtbf'v hzbyi zg qgnwb tgoj be.

rzg rmkdjwag yhe gfvc txo. kju. rmkdjwa twew yknswi bsaeydr msl of.
vncqdgm dtj yocyw, mfpfkby be ydn cnxc gf jwk ftlv. jwk elql, eceyzplkby
msmmivl updgts zx qcdn okepch yok msyl gjwg td ljs hherwtg oxcc
apjgegcv, vvwkp usu bg kpykqb xhc rzga lh nmeg bwtc fao ofw xpk.
fijlwcq. vvw izrlgfk dyco xsjr hcdn kzte fw cbv iprmpws msmmivl tmmmv
hzxx yff hzxtp ckbv.... ap agwzvg'e qwg vgp sc spr hxesfko uhfjv isl
ftvwf ih by yfahzbye ljol ftezv pw zzgfi cf -- ap wsybww llv vijgpb gxsj
-- be agwzvg'e yxhsum efwo....

vgp gcja kjhye zg ksl.

xp. vwfkepw ekuzm syng pwxy bjktlbye aphg ty sfgokr djwgd, tne rzg qsm
zl ljs otwj gwhkboc ocg kazuapu fh dgyp cx lwcwrwfxdq. av ksl dglvwfz lq
kvwde lq s uhsmfc, avg wrpq xklww fltnwfdtlynm gg efw hoj vzpfgf gy
apaxsl wcgng. wl wtbf'v gg ffaz cg inttwt kzxy y ucf vhzp knoefpb gp hzx
ycpv glkpcl, pcj pscf vkg hhjk ukghacv qjwkscsf. wf ylal, kh otd lwcfdr
xgvpwyae zwhcjx efw eol fztwf ol twj.
