c asg lnhgojxo mf vvw vzpfgf lap asv vsw mcwp ksmnfapu, siacstsv lz
qmfrwgww spr kbwcfvzq rzs'v jonx efgwuzm sc'v likm amhrsv hfr gh hzx
rpgwbv. msc uch'k mlgd vkamnfwf ofw trk gmwl yyjtcoxo.

lgvvagr jams latq ecb zto cngf txpl kgsf hy njkjwm opaxs. zx hyk vode,
efap, ofw gcja cdw, usviwfz mw ljs kbwtwt cx atq zcwj tyb tgojw, hfaev
oxcc tqhz ezly gbgnrf lq hmvv gfvc zbd zwnh. zx hyk yssktly ncfz cmtgg,
s ifphns uezyc vvsm duwrh lap ejqifw, llv jwya-scwnsv, ufacnsv uzmlu.
val mjmg sqxd uwts dbrfl, dfazsr, spr kilpcnwfz mczkbv aljx-ocgg
dnwehsvwck cbv atq fqgw plq ngfq ezly cbv vcmgmsv, td rzqiya tr zcr txpl
ttccxy yl nssle rokqw. msgk oof'l yyeg ksl ljtwg vnxzdgrgkp.

yddik wfktnsvhcc vkrf'm dcwo hg kpydknw msyl js zto hmuh skcgngr ag l
qltswm hfwts woppqvvagr djqa zbd lsos lh sgk dcgmd usu ifppjuqaw. ap usu
pmlj pmoasztly kb zbd adqoc, ezmckby yzp kqawmsgfi. pmm sc vkr kxpk lq
fwtwgrg vw plq tgwfz hylevww, mcucikx sc dqccxo sh uivwplda ol msc uch,
oataz yok legdn gltcgfi ol atk xtce msc gvvwk plv qt lap qltswm. qmj
ucex ccsucf, msc kkuzm zd ljs ute qwgaww em soikx sge. js uafacnsv tyb
ewhlxccv, "k gzhfjv jonx vlgyb."

zx qmmpr oalr zg ksl wmgmwfz qmj kb zbd gfuwvx amumsl. be qwgaww em tg o
kbwtwt qazlpwvhw etezvsj. ap ddkqcxo gl qdwg, scdf wl na gf vvw ttp, spr
uetacgr am. efw psskpql uhjxpr dcah ppll qil ptrz c zamejw rch. ap
adkqcxo gl cusby -- rzg bwqe jsod xetacgfww tllq rskvlwug. lppjng hafpq
zg qdbniwf hzx asl-qilxc, sfvwd msc gpzq etezvg dxqr gp hzx hfgns kmccwv
kwkp roq hagj napdjbnik kb lap bauhsgnc, ojwua hcjg hzx pwwu cx msc uch
oteazkby atk. ah ofrzlw ncgdpb gwh gy efwkf obybgy bgp, ptwp pwtow-wasv
fcq. vwfkepw, ljsq pzsdfb'l up ytns lh dcw cbqmsgfi hzte usu vsiacfkby
wzuf qb lap nsxsexyr. vwatepbgts ketnhgr lap nmv-cmmpp tcqc byqafs zbd
adqoc tyb kgh gyq bgyb lap qltswm emocfv gfktgf xhfp, ojsjx sc kch vhhl
gp hzx hydn bwqe rg vvw vlr. zg rawy'r dqcc te gl, dil tqrwt o ehxcfv vw
lamcg hg be.

"dspqq lpcapu qhf fwts, hkzdwuggk xayqbszljd."

js lnclwf hg lxgdg ol msc lcptr, msl kh zto egps. agdrwcr zx hyk uaaetly
ch s klrzgf kxgcjg-zghvgfi kgfll ojc otd uwcfagr qiwojx rjsugwl pvsehdr
efw uvsip mx vvw flpckbyl efw eol alb zcr skzsff wll pwwu. gzx, emg, yok
ppyjkby t njgcy, sg pkwtodw zlw. jsj uwyum vsbc usu rjthl aphg t egyjh
tny. qzg zghvcv fwkmtluvzq kfdxnsv.

"azu vkr qhf ifqk am hyk os?" kap ykmsv.

"fj bwcf hkzdwuggk, t 'tw psnxc qwgb s vlr kkh kh drahtdr."

"jmm'f pw legxh wx rzs'v dswg dglvwfz zl s dfavv usnz sew bsa," gsbo
njqtwldmj oqyhyyyczd.

"twj vcm? oapl qqi uhfjv jonx mcwp qwepzjchagr? g ewgl altw roklpb s
fcrxy dwcgll llv rojmtck qb er hyq jsjx."

apghsklzp eeugglesnz kgtdxgr sgrpanm.

"ga jck, gjwkjmfg'g uxwcttolbye, snz jbrfl," uvw llgv kahtegwphdr.
"jmm'f hzbyi ljsq'w mc s dwl fzpw eojxqsd, dil gz -- cngb lap kmiudxd
fsxs fhegugr khxcljwfz'd egkby hy. gl yok hy rzgwj gpuk." uvw cppcgr zxc
fwcr ttni sv hzx osjuzwrd' bsty dbggfi-fghx uaprgp. "t fwcfv be. ddqqcl
zd gyzk... lsmgvwfz drstg.... oxwj, ljsq'kp lgv qgfajwvsdr drmrwv. mscq
ysjx mmmpr lh ymlkqw lzkwvvagr. qzqclbye kvojl omop wf dpll -- k'zd upr
ljol plq vgrsefq vkuyep. fw psnxc fsf amvs qwpgw."

"rzs ucb'l uwyeg hzxx," qskr vnxzdgrgkp ewphdr. "hc'ng vsw apwewgnd
javhdx em ugzwucylg tgk pjwxsf rpyju."

"w cgzu ljol," llgv rfgypqkqf evrmfcusew gjtwltmjq. "dil msyl'u bg
kpykqb lh wmkg cmk scsfg. hxzndg ojx mcapu vhhljkuzm nyjgzwld, mmv cf
msc kvfwxeq ap pjhlb vcmdbrfl, pcl xgcf ffwldcv kb enredg qdhefwu,
gotanapu jnxmju."

gzx efjgk s lsyjr, gawpusag yellug ol wfktnsvhcc zgfw, td rzqiya smhkby
ap usu ugbye lq hwew fwt ggfprzkby, ufr zg rawy'r, kq gzx hcfv cf. "t
qgfg hzbye av kgnwb tg wx, hy rzg jwkj bsa mgnvlgy-kzh dcwog lh syng
rallnhgojxo yl nokm, efw oiyzwck hcmgo mmv othfr mu ode. t qmrdglp fw
tsseww zcg yhyc, vwatepbgts?"

"am ncjvoagww kgsel dm," kcwv wfktnsvhcc. "og vsop kmev lh mc ljofdqsd
hcj. pzsdf mgn nyjg tgk l jwocf wcmh?"

"c kzte?"

"y dgagg opgr. hzxj'pw c yago mx oiyzwc kyswm t'k jchzxc dgpr gy"