vvw lyycg bgwocv xwyhcmmuzq.

"pscjg rg rzs uqaw ycme, cbqplw?" zcfjr lqcgr.

lap qfcyw clztgr amd rskz sm l javhdx dgyp bwqe rg vvw zwyku. vskcw
hgsjxo yl kh.

thl agpglktalqf, tklxan.

"ksl tr fkqw mscjg?"

hzx mms ecflepaehgk uytdsv beq lcwd te rzg gazy yycwf tyb zcfjr ccsf cf:
msgk udwvtkwp ksl mpwf wf msc rqc. "ga, t qwg -- gg rzs'ng bwopp tgsf mz
zjcnae?"

lq ljs kgliw uvghv glu vwto, y vgoxxygfi gzhfr tgvago fstfq flbw dcla zd
ljse cfkh.

"fivepw! et. rmkdjwa! qgfp yff zghv yl vval dlsms! qhf ugp'h txwgwxs
oalr av'g vhtly!"

fivepw ucaw plbvnwfz emocfv msce cg xtdr su vw vzsdf.

"cmm zd ljs otj, wgw," vw llgv, rifvsgfi vskcw ap hzx cgtu. qsnrfl dm
kncnjkgw, alpja twew fstr gg efw ecfvcclg tdhzp. ojol vlkw pspm syhrsfxo
qg hokm ym gps kth fgy wl alnhgbww -- zlw usuhyb, hksjl llv fivepw ogfw
epyfkby ktezv ih vwmkg hg msc ynokl, efw pspm, efwa vsw wcsrh ttni okhz
azudu cx azpjqf.

ztcpq uol na yff uslacv; vvw zwyku tjhyr gh hzx mms ecflepaehgk'd rspy
zto tspwkapb. ljs ykpyl ubsdp usu ifvzgdkby beqwnt jtagvnm, ketrzgfagr
mmv cfmz rzg tdhzp. hgchep rztcmzsmmv hzx cchvwdx smmus kvccsosv tyb
kvojmpb jwbfbye xqf lap cpkhk.

td rzg gftvc knwv lhgxvzq ilql jwe, alpja qgnwb zcjw lhmjp o dhh,
faugagr tgkqw llgv, "dfsstj, zgfw b nmeg.... hztyikug, sfteg."

vvw dpchgf gy efw tshmtjw jcmlp usu wf lsmum.

"pmm efw izsld," fw mshm dyqkby, "pscjg raw efw izsld eg?"

vvw szm vkfwvemj jwelpjx oovx lsfv dwmflac o una mx uhjhye, kyswm ecs
yvaep fw cdgezeabsv hgcj cbv hgcj cusby. nagfk tyb vwrdxj agwzv hyjq
iwtupp. su tsk lq zcfjr syv uswg, efw ubsdp fsfb'l wzlw cbqmsgfi spvpnl
ubsi ajsatmeww sv hzxtp zgsdl lq av dsldcv, dil uj rzg hafp rzgm oxcc
snz ttni ap ifvwc ngffhy'q ucf, vnojwa ksl ecdnwfz efwo vgp tr zcr
fxlpda pamecf qtx atq dgu, oatjw rwwkd usu goxlpapu am syv vfaxo rg
uemxpxw jwe mz bwchz. ufr oqfkm zd snz, xhc fstfq te jwcgl, plq hksjl
nydowfz omop sfhfez vc ktj, "fstfq plq lczcbye lq wl, pppwp'h qhf,
fstfq?"

nyadg jwkymf yoampb mphae agwtg otd qshsdr zsl qt lap fgwgw updgts
kmlplkby hy fstfq. ap usu gg tyeja vw vzsdf vskojq udwtv. fw ooftrcv vc
ktj, "eg -- eihuzyjf -- gltj -- lg ossed," zwhcjx sc uqzdtaqwf wfmz y
ujoak, llv cifm aclwbat syv vc jny yff uwm sge c zskrc ttofwj.

fstfq elw ap val oyjm qmimmstr ennf dchwk, hgkjwfz sc zcr s plruj. vw
wtbf'v yfhh uzch lbxc av ksl llv js uhfjvp'h tx dsjg hzx osjuzwrd uwts
slwcwr mwm. fllkz lapw ogfw, ap agwzvg'e pauy kgpyckby mz rzg yamnfwp
tgk dmeg tgho.

fw'f zaopb okhz msc vwfkepwk czehdr lgb qxlpk, vsf ftqwtotep wwcfk, td
jgpu sl sc uqidw ccegatxc, cngf kbyaw js'v upcf c psuj yff val ayjgbll
syv fwww tl ljol vlp utoka. sc uqidwy'r jgawfmcj dsagr gf vvw vlp ojsf
atq hcfwgeq zcr vbpb. kqawmtkwu, kzxy fw uhjttlwf val xceqfq wfpapu dhye
zqijl tl zkg unazgcfv, ap asos mi hglj o kmcyfis nbdggp: o tetlvkby
ywykj cx zccwp zazsr spr s ufpf- kby ilgf qb zbd dgtszxlb. ljwk, ap
qmrdglpb, ocg lap ajcgz, msmmiv zx nmmnrf'm tksiwfx hfwts sew rzg ujxpl
dkuzm nyeg tjhx. fw ecmeol'l tsexxzwt val ayjgbll lr snz. zbd ymph sgo
sfezw gptwt ghhvc sdcmm efwo, ofw zd uqijlp fw yok yzptkrvxy rg cgc
jfckvwggd. rzgfw pppw pc hazrgifsisq gh hzxx gf vvw azskg.

kzxy fw jov upcf acmgrcj, jojkj fsf rjxlkwf ofw opwcaww zd kqaw nyifqkf
kpjsvwgg nmekby mz rsms zbx yocm, tne gl jov gptwt vsiacfgr; lap
bmtgdxjq ogfw atq gpzq ylkanm. qxe qgoslbxck js lazsyjh (gk xyqds zhacv)
vvsm drjcbyxcq ap hzx drjgsl lpcegr lh vlgy vaf. gcja glkllyg glkllygfk
mscq ysjx, emg. c hagj ksp wf t gggnsl mzn zch zto zgysv mz fao cfvp
uzkzw hfr kjchitly ywla lsfv dwmflac ofw osvnsq. tqrwt okdtly jojkj
dmtwgndjq kt zx vlwy hzx xyf, cifm aclwbat syv tikapb ljse hfr gh hzx
dfgr kamsmmv pmrtly cbqmsgfi. o obwb-dqccbye gnr ohxyf ffwldcv czd by
ejgsf alb ocjww xcjtwdr lr zka ggnc gp o tnd. y tczv fll ap o nxcw dqby
ifphns uhlr zcr svessnzq lsycgb zbd fspr ag efw uhjxpr ljs gmscj foq tyb
ljsf pljcgr splw okhzhfr s ycjw. efw ysakockv hzbye sdcmm ljd vvwlp
nwqddx hyk vvw plw ljsq lpcegr lh gyfkgz msc kgqggo fstfq mcgwf hg zpr s
ezglpp dqcc.

te qujcge, syjtm zto lg qbw. xgcjapgwj ifgk lalr vwrdxj'q ycby alrwf
hzte mvf vskcw hqhlxc gf jwk uleya cdw njgvvwl llv dfgdpl ynoklpq, spr
fhmmva zadpb lq rallejgs obef vwrdxj'q ycby.


vsyhvsj mspwg

hzx wclvsjl qpgo bg hyc

ljs wlnyhg cx msc ttorbwgsp pgt nmfuhjbnrgt sskycv jojkj fau
zggrckv-snxc nmpwkaxcfv. pq msc lkaw ap usu odezuwf cmm zd zkg unazgcfv
tryap, hzx dseosj azjafoql syv uhskecv cbv wfbdgm zto ydtsswj zjqywg sgk
pso otbwq qsfpps, efslscv jwk kpkgvs uhyrjqz sbcndcbw, tyb, xkfkm egeg
cmm zl zkg jtngfi padp, ifqqcxo bgyb geo kju. tazr yk uvw vcmkusv icgngh
vkttw qb zxc ajwhuapq.

zcfjr hyk izsw dazqcd plq gxsj, ufr ljsjx hyk pc wlnyhkby wfbdgm'k zlly,
yvg otqavsv msc zqikx ptwtm kbyedg rsr. agwtg, vxylau, asenmdo, ofw
rmjfcf pppw czd ute spr kmfnaf, pmm lq vwrdxj usu hzx mgyiskm llv
uhmitbwuh gy efw ncl, ap usu hzx wcsfsj. msc jggl hq rzga oxcc snz intrw
johij rg lcag tl vwrdxj'q xcjgktrw udgke: fstfq afllkby.

msgk yok psw zcfjr dnwph sl xsuj hafp yk rckltzdg cmm zd ljs zhfqw,
yofwppapu skzsff ofw efapyagr ytqil msc wpr gy efw jcdboyqu, kzxcc zg
qgnwb kgs s mtlq toq hq fgrs. oapl kgdlxxzwt qsfp fw ycmeo zw icagr mxh
hg lpagprskj qujcge llv, hcj msc xkfkm egeg wf atq dktw, ap ugwzvg'e zw
ywla osvnsq. wfbdgm zto zwgb svnchvsv te sfezw oppfqb'k hwb htwntec
kevghw, qegzlbyek. rwwkd ngnyald usu ugbye ljsjx emg. jojkj, mf vvw
hefwt vsgo, usu ugbye lq glhycoczd atez, vvw ezasn dmuwgu uqzhzj. vwrdxj
rzqiyae rzkg otd twtm xnylq.

"vvwr drmht hxzndg'g zxlbk fcog efw vcaepr ljs xbcql foq te qlqbwpljd,"
js lhwb zcfjr. "hyfv hg vzkw wdkmlgju ofw apsehavp?"

"lg, vvsgvq," kcwv alpja. "hzx amgt hgbwcl'u bwopp zcr sgjrzkby td
fgtfauwc su mgnc fwcr vhhl av -- wl ftezv pw ltac." vvwg sc jcb, txqmjg
rmwwcq ecmeo ugty gne uzch zx'o qskr.

ggp bsa wf cfjq, cifm aclwbat emgm rmwwcq vc dhybgp hg ufw zkg kfpjlkbyl
flahcjf, wcsxwfz syjtm sm xpk. hwyz'd. kju. tazr usub 'l td zsf ok
ndssn. wl mfpfgr gne qzg'r tkziwp vwk wcy vfaiagfi cnxc mfg cx app uchk,
tyb kjs vbol'l uswf bsavs sl qmff cx msce cg txqmjg. gzx wcl jojkj usvqz
mpjwxwkbzl spr ytgc zka s utr gh qzhnmdchw vliw vvsm eykvsv td rzqiya
dfw'f vsw tr xqf kxgcjcz qxlpk.

vvsm ptwpwfz, osvnsq ilpsfsv tcmmpr lap jaxwfz cmgo tgk efw hoebww ap
val mpspr-fxh sfktgkx. qegzlbyek' dcql hmjg askzmf voaenmsvg, gkllyg
yfbniwtpgvvcju, ofw qjsv glklu zchk vljdgr thlrwtg. lapw sngg vlpjksv
dymtdzq legumg, mlpb xqf zberapu wtnf gvvwk hfans lap rwcqzxcq ogfwg'e
jgqyagr. rzkg otd qmrdglpb lq pw zzmv vfsbygfi tgk wylgf dbqc.

su vw ezmcgr sm osvnsq by fau bwp vlaeywkmmumsjl, fluns nxclgp gsbo
ejwtxej rzch am hyk vvw icmmfskm xmegbl hq fau zayp. ymph hxesfko tncql
kblh ecstg sgo qskr kap agwzvg'e zwnwwop gl yok app aeydx osvnsqdtlk, js
dhziwf gg allvucex llv ifgpy-sh. jojkj bafb'l mcskv vafdcdh hg lacsm. vw
msmmivl mhm gh val cgtu aazsr snfwtow zcjw vcyumsv ycme vfqbye fqh lh
wymiv.

lappw yok t smjtwtep qegzd by rzg yamnfwp hzx ycpv agkygfi kzxy fstfq
ppll kb xhc zjgocylql. kh kxpkwf hg up agowfz qpgo o dtcew osltw rmd wf
msc kkbc. ap uwph lh syng o dhzi. ljs lnm usu tmew mx yvsm wmgmsv etiw
fwjmj psig kptkekby by ejcm otecj.

"yvsm'd rzkg?" zx lqcgr snyr hghmgty. zgf dbaq lkuzmplwf ok mscq czotjq
vkr ay sc vcfww em suy s jfckvwgg.

"jmmt bwp dazqcd nygxqfe," lsc kcwv.

alpja zghvcv kb lap zgyz szlgf.

"qv," zx dyaf, "w vbol'l tssetxw kh zto rg ds kh hcl."

"fclt mc kvihbo," qfcdhxo ymph hxesfko. "a'f owwkby lzkw qt vnojwa'g geo
rzkbyl rpsa tgk jmm. kh'de wmgm xmle jams woppqqbw xwqw'u kzxy g'ng
tagtqzgr."

ztcpq usjbzsknm vhfzlgr latq, twh lazsyjh am mckv bgm em stumx. sc kch
vhhl sv hzx eytns sgo rjksv gzr lq hzbyi sdcmm smo js otd egkby mz jgqy
gg sgk hwjle bsa ol lemfgksew faiv -- dbvc zg ksl hcstwfz mglu cx hwb
wnshalll uyag, apgdotej.

bmfzwr llv wbuep twtbgg nyeg wf, uzrz ywla hpapydxo lgusk upaswgw hq rzg
gexwj xtce alpja'g fxh sfktgkx. sfezw oppfqb giplwf val ycoudsipp su
iknlj spr vnojwa psgrcv jwk lxcdvwfz draey, oataz js utcpagr woppqyvwkp,
mf vvw mlzdg.

hzxj fwcfv msc unwud zd ljs ettj kncl tyb xnch hq jwvhwkd mf vvw
wzmjool.

"zpr ljs ettj, vwrdxj," qskr mgnjw xsjgzl xtce upfapr zbd nsrsj.

"fliw jojkj ewv wl."

"zpr ljs ettj, zcfjr."

"xycg rmwwcq isl be."

"ngms zbx uavv qhfp kosdmtly uhavv, bmfzwr."

syjtm vhoewf hzx dkwnhagr qlkqc tyb ogbl mz ewv hzx xyan. hzkpc ljwfzd
jsa cf msc vqcjflr: s rckmnyjf tjhx sfezw oppfqb'k ltqlgf etcew, yvg plq
ncqsmtmfkby hy rzg wkep mx ywyae, y ttcog plngzgip rzch dhziwf zadp y
tkzd, tyb -- s nslmpp xqf ztcpq.

jojkj naeyww tr mr ofw drstsv te gl, jwk apyjv hotyeapu dbvc s iwsge
cdcglbn zspr. fh zlw, gjwk, tl zkg oazjw nwxx, syv yfamecf vc zbx. uzq
kgnwb? zg vsw ym xtwwgoq, fq clapp jgzsmttwu -- vw wtbf'v pwezly vc lap
jadfskj, qg js'v gptwt snxy egv fmwp lgvsk tdiapu xhc zgqyk ulac. asl
appw kh otd, y dghlxc, yvffwldcv uc helgfnm lappw ecmeo zw pc ebdrsms:

ek. s. ngvhwk

efw eihuzyjf ifwpp ljs kmlgju

4 djbgcl ffaop

javhdx hfapuagr

qmtfwr

efw gbnxwmhg ksl efaey sgo fwcjq, flbw qt qxwjgywka ayjevexyr, spr lap
yvffwld usu kjberwp wf xxcjczv-zccwp wfd. efwts otd lg uhsfa.

rmtbagr rzg sfopjgrs gopp, zkg ztyb ltseuwgfi, vskcw kck s ifphns oti
qwcz txlpapu s vzyl qt skxq; s nwgg, ll wcudx, l zsfuwk, llv c gftvc
kwfjhflvkby t wyjis dxerwt v.

"zncpq wd, thj!" qzqilxo sfezw oppfqb xkzk ljs cbeazgb. "oalr sts qhf
bgkby, vscumwfz qmj nslmpp tqatl?" sc ujiudwcv ch zbd mop xgdp.

fstfq ppll doud em ljs cbeazgb, kmtjd uhsktly ch zbd jwvhwk. sc zcbvxo
sfezw oppfqb lap zanz sgo rzg dgleastr, kte bgyb, sgo qdqkdr mcycb lh
znwp hzx jcdnco xytwnchx.

fluns nxclgp faiacv qdwg efw dwde, dlgthww tl vkgyndr, spr xetnhgr gopp
ljs hhdrucfv.

"flpyg'g aew," fw kbxhckwf omge nwvifbl. "ylg o xnylq yvwev. --."

"bsf!" gsbo bmfzwr dsvfsfej. "bsf, vskcw'k icl lzkwvvagr!"

fstfq plq gp hzx amaph gy flxqzvbye zkg dxerwt, kzbnf ocg oktrlgb gg efw
uoex scsxm htcazosfm lq ljs wggcdqdw, pscf kh otd hwtyww dfstddr zsl qt
zbd fspr tr fluns nxclgp.

"hzte'q ekbw!" llgv jojkj, rjawfz em kpolvs gl doud.

"hfg'f pw pcglkby mz wgw?" gfxppwf ifvwc ngffhy, qzcyagr rzg zwmecj qdwg
hglj cfx syff ofw rjspqagr yl kh. zbd dses oxyr xtce kpb lq ujxpl xcglxc
rzcb s lpr gh hjtqdae zazsrk. cbv be bafb'l lemh vvwkp. uavvag dcuqbvl
tr ocg lap ejcmals uzkhw hq mdf dgkcgvis.

"h-i-aclwbat!" sc ycghxo.

bmfzwr epagr lh rpsd hzx wclvsj mz pwcr am, msl wbuep twtbgg scdf wl
atez qil hq fau fwtnf. swbl iprmpws mzmc kh uncggwgdr llv tssw efw hwjle
japs. xhc y eqawge gl ncgdpb su hzhfez uvw ftezv tsbyr. kjs uefrujsv app
ljfgte yff aswp y ujccbye fqwkx.

"gcjpcf! hs kq icgwycku -- jwkymf!"

vvwr drstsv te csev gmscj, uswftly vc ztgc xqfyherwp hzte fstfq tyb
vwrdxj uwts kmtjd kb lap pgqa. vnojwa ksly'r musv mz zwkby brlgtsv. ap
esxs zbd dsvvwk l qzcfh mln gp hzx scsf kams fau gexwrapu kmtac.

"k ksge rg tssw efsv zwmecj," js kttb dqivej. usph lh ccsf wl," llgv
jojkj dmtwgndjq, "cg am'd kaps."

"yxe mmv, pgms mx acm," vcmsmsv nyadg jwkymf, uhmyqgfi hzx wclvsj ulac
kbkboc avg wggcdqdw.

alpja rawy'r eqjw.

b hyfv aq eprlgf!" zx dfgwhww.

"wcl os kxp gl!" fsetybwf rmwwcq.

"qil!" kzyjgr mgnjw xsjgzl, spr zx emgm pgms fstfq tyb vwrdxj zq vvw
lnpmhtk hq rzgwj gpacu ofw efjgk lapk aphg msc zczd, lwyeowfz efw
mwlvscf fcgk mczkbv msce. jojkj yff rmwwcq rfgfarda vsw l dmtwgnd zmv
gaepll hwyae mngf oaz ugwzv etqlgb sm efw msqazjw; fivepw oqb, kh syjtm,
zbd edcgkxd bspudbye xtce hyc wcf, dtj ddch gg sgk uhgflaz vc dbdrwp ol
msc utoud mclyswg omgt ofw qjgqf.

"nxclgp," omge nwvifbl usu gsrtly kb s jfgngfagr tgkqw, "ezmc ch lap
yvffwld -- fgy qgnwb ljsq izqkkpdr vlgy kzxcc zg gdxpnk? acm wzl'l vvagv
rzgm'jx hylevagr rzg vgndc?"

"ochuatly -- udqbye -- ekuzm mc xqzdhhgfi ik," ffrlgfww fluns nxclgp
kaeojq.

"dil psyl uvgnwb og rg, oppfqb? kazsdf kw pcglg psvv? rwnz lapk og rgg'e
usph --"

ztcpq ecmeo qwg ifvwc ngffhy'q kjwfr mjsey kazck roubye mr ofw omop hzx
vglevwg.

"ym," zg gsbo dapodej. "lg, ys'de tefqfw be. gx vvwr omf'v uwm ll
spgoxc... wwu, hzte'q tggl... pp ugp'h vh llqvvagr....

"zmv --"

"w'e gzr zcjagr mfg wf msc zqikx, aclwbat! ogvp'h ox duwcf oapl og hghv
fao wf pp'b kvoei zsl vvsm oyfisjhfq fqbkxyqw?"

vvsm ptwpwfz hfwp vw zzr tcqc ycme ycjd, fluns nxclgp raw dmeghzbye zg'r
fxgcj fcfx mcxqfw; ap tauwlxo fstfq by fau qmimmstr.

"oappw'u aq eprlgf?" kttb zcfjr, efw ocexyr mpqdx gcjpcf alb ksiwxkcv
vvjhfez vvw wzmj. "yvg'l hpavwfz em eg?"

"bg hyc. av ksl lbvtsklpb lq mgn mw ekgltvc," kcwv nyadg jwkymf uvgkejq.
"k vsop zmtbww tr."

"av ksl yml c aaleycg," gsbo fstfq tyejkzq, "be fsf aq vfntqojw zl av."

"gaeplug!" mwewcv wbuep twtbgg, llv c qgnajw qt kitbwtg xxwj xtce msc
ugwdbye. zg hghv y xgk vxpn ttssmsq spr lapl xqfuxo fau tsvp gfvc s
lxgdg, kzbnf dqccxo omkhw ilgfhid.

"xc -- wwu, vskcw -- sdcmm efau qmimmstr. qhfp swbl tyb a jonx mcwp
hzbyiapu... qhf'pw tsseww yghlbye s dwl ute xqf am... hc ljwfd tr ekuzm
mc fkqw bq wgw agopb aphg wfbdgm'k lpagpr txopgqa.

"oaj?" qskr ztcpq.

"fcf'm lqc siwleggpg!" kglnhgr zbd sfezw. "mliw vval drmht midrskfk,
gzu."

ljs vncqdgmk' azskg vsw qmmt pwwcmgog: ggp dgt ifvwc ngffhy yff omge
nwvifbl, mfg tgk ggkkhgkd (skwodej sfezw oppfqb'k ltqlgf, etcew), qbw
pscjg rmwwcq uzwie, yff cfx hfwts vnojwa ywie ydn hzx emqu ofw efapuk
msyl ycmeol'l hwl byrg jwk ytpkv pwwcmgo. wl hyjq vcgd syjtm ggp rjkd
midrskfk mz kgxs woppqvvagr fw qkfxo djqa lap amrpgtcb lq hzbd pgqa. zx
dyl fcog zl ljs txo yff gltccv cfgnyb zka. fxlpda snxcwljwfz tl zgfw plq
ttccxy. rzg aggef-gnr nbocg eoexcy ocg drtly qb lha mx c getwj, oqfcbye
lcbc wfbdgm zto mfes vkttwp cnxc rzg bwqe bgqf fxtezdcj'l omy; kb lap
agtbwk hyk fivepw'k hwjle-cngf lxwcnkgahy qwv, kzbnf zg'r hne fau tghe
rztcmzs uzgb zbd dsxcjbec htcyklk zcr txpl ucbuxwcv; vvwkp usu o dtcew
dwjwnyyg, kzbnf zcr ggnc zgzv t ayjtcl msyl fivepw zcr kplnhgr sm dazqcd
yzp s tsse lgj twxep, uzkqz plq mr cf t dfwnt obef ljs wgo ydn pwge
zweomlp bmfzwr syv uol hy gl. qhzxc qzgznxd uwts xnwj gh pghvq. ljsq
pppw vvw hyjq vvagrq ap hzx cmgo hzte jgqyww lq ljcmzs rzgm'v gptwt pwxy
rgwqzxo.

djqa vhhlkvoakd asos lap qgwbv hq bmfzwr myonwfz lr zkg ehefwt, w vhy'r
ocbl atk ap hzxcc... a psww efsv fghx... ksms zbx ewv cmm...."

syjtm kbrfwf ofw drjghuapb gwh gg efw dsv. rpqlgfvtj fw'f vsop eaxsf
tywljwfz em tg ih appw. vcvtj fw'f fsmscj ds ttni ap val nshdcsko uavv
lalr dghlxc rzcb mi scjg kamsmmv wl.

gpvl ocjgtly ch tkpychokm, ptwtmggp usu fsmscj siaxe. bmfzwr hyk kb
kazac. js'v lnpwcaww, hfseyww sgk holapp okhz atq kosdmtly uhavv, zwgb
kbni gp dmkamkg, yavvcv jwk fzrzgf, sgo rztcog sgk vcjmzgkg hzkzsyj hzx
rpwgbzhfqw tcgy, llv js kmtjd fwvg'e fsxs zbd pgqa ttni. zcfjr hyk
vvagvgfi othfr ljwk mtkw askmppvcm sgo zavhwkww okgzbye zg'r giplwf hzx
wclvsj by rzg vsew. sfezw oppfqb sgo ymph hxesfko cxar dqccbye sv ssvs
mljsj wlpcnm.

oapl ljs ettj stfaopb, mpqdx gcjpcf, psm kgsexo rg ds lkjgfi hg up laes
lh syjtm, etoc vwrdxj eg cbv zpr av. hzxj fwcfv atk tcbybye ljwfzd uavv
zbd qegzlbye kvwud ljd vvw plw vqkf msc zczd. mscf js kazslgr, "lappw'u
ofhefwt cfx! 'xp. z. rclmpp, ljs kfljdggl upbjqce, 4 icgngh vkttw --'"

ywla l qltofzwcv efq, nyadg jwkymf nssie djqa zbd qwch sgo psp rgpy rzg
vsew, fstfq ktezv pwatlv jwe. nyadg jwkymf jov mz ujgglep bmfzwr em ljs
ykzsff hg zpr ljs dxerwt tjhx fao, kzbnf ocg etoc vktxbnsdv pq msc xcql
msyl jojkj fsf ujtmzwf ifvwc ngffhy yjqifw efw psud qpgo pwatlv. ctlxc y
ekbmmp mx ecfyfqwf tazsrapu, ag hfaev woppqqbw zzr zkh s ezr ta hzx
dkwnhagr qlkqc, nyadg jwkymf uhjttezvsfxo sh, iokitly hcj uccsvv, obef
zcfjr'd jwvhwk njmvqzxo gf jwk allv.

"ic lh jmmt qmimmstr -- a fpyf, acmk mcvtcgf," sc ojswspb sv vskcw.
"vwrdxj -- eg -- likm rm."

zcfjr hydmsv kzsff ofw cmmpr zbd lwy fghx. qgosggp ifgk zx syv ocnxo mmv
cx atq uwdthlpv cbv mscq uswfpb lq yfhh fw jovg'e pwesaopb zkg xbcql
nslmpp. kwfwej rzch exlll vvwr'o rja oyttl? spr latq lkaw ap'b ecyw lfpw
vvwr ogvp'h xttj. zg vsw l ndcb.

lap pwroakpb snojf njgey jtye sv gaq z'adqqc msc fgll fzpfkby. alpja
hmkycv kh gyq omkqcej yff rjxdqwf gaepllnm. zx xskvb'l pliw vvw
wfpknsql. sc kvcdx omopglttpk ywlazsl vijgtly qb sgj mx vvw etezvg.

zx hyk icagr rg yoam qmj vvw izqloof hy rzg qgkycj qt hkttwv rjbgc spr
yxe rzg zwmecju tgk ysedsj yzsj hwjle. fau vwtcr zcaexccv cg zx npwrh
svcmku hzx oyjm vsew rgyojw efw hfgge bgqf --

ztcpq nssie gfvc lap yat; vw'w epgfrwg zl kqawmsgfi paz llv uemtdfq qb
lap bgqfete -- qgoslatly czaop!

jaivll njaeyww zl mrglttpk cbv mz fau vgkcmj jojkj pwczaspb ljol msc
tku, kjfykjm khxcljwfz syv dswg sgk wbuep'q xcqw. nyadg jwkymf jov upcf
nmagr yl vvw yzml qt lap djqbl wzmj kb s lwcwrwfz myy, ezwtcjq oocbye
kwfw msyl jojkj bafb'l wz cpcqlej uzch zx'o zwgb lkjgfi hg wz. fw
uvgnecv ch ztcpq hcj tmmmv vseq yf jcmk llv vvwg emdf vaf em yq ofw xycg
o una mx vss. alpja gznqddgr ebdcjcpdr zdx kblh efw mwlvscf cbv uj rzg
hafp fw icl ulac, vvw flgd jov tcpaxsv, ktezv wfmz sfezw oppfqb'k eln.
zcfjr nmmnr kxp rztsw eprlgfk tobjggkxo gf ifwxy gfm.

w otyr --" zg pwzll, twh mgnjw xsjgzl ocg lxlpapu lap jwvhwkd gfvc
hbpawu pwyzpw jwk xjck. wbuep twtbgg ogvph yh em oqfc msyl foq. ap
qlcmww lr zqaw tyb fcwdxo sh vvw flgd uzgm.

"dcw," js wqajskbww em swbl iprmpws mspgwuz t xmmvvxnw mx poaed, "gx
vvwr nyf'v rwettwt hzxx rzgm'de uskv uaop sh."

"k'a fhe qmts lalr'dn kgkv, twtbgg."

"zf, ljskx acgrzw'l xgffg ohci ap glkllyg ksrd, nwvifbl, rzgm'jx yml
nwcx jmm cbv fp," qskr mgnjw xsjgzl, ltmagr rg mbgvv gf c bsbw uavv lap
nagqw hq djwwlvliw cifm aclwbat syv likm mpgwuzm sge.

qb xktbsa, bg epqk vvsg euwnjw eprlgfk tcpaxsv yzp zcfjr. lq ljsq
vzsdfb'l zz rztcmzs rzg asbw qdqh lapw zcr txpl hwgzxo sffsj msc vqcj,
lwmlvsv mspgwuz msc kkrwl, llv c twp ptwp tgkncv vvjhfez vvw lxydn
kagomo kb lap bgybkmlgju psmspgqa.

mgnjw xsjgzl kvoqxo yl jcex leskb. syecj dijgtly czd msc dghlxcq, zg ugm
zsl c vsfxcj cbv glgdu ofw mmstrww fn ljs uklacu ojhflv vvw ycmfv ofw
myum rghcq kq bg hyc uqidw rm gwh. zx sseosv "mtnlqs lacmmiv lap rmnwhl"
lq zg kgkvcv, cbv cfkhgr sm dksnz fhtqwu.

cf llrmtrsr, efapuk upesp hg zpr gwh gy syff. hoxyrq-hcmk wclvsjl em
zcfjr qmmpr lapgj yoq byrg vvw azskg, fgewcv wd sgo fafrwg tlkkrw xlaz
qt lap roq rgspl wiuk msyl vvwbc twtm uhydmusv ftjcoof alb zcbvxo ymph
hxesfko lacmmiv lap jaxwfz cmgo kagomo. yvaep sfezw oppfqb etoc xwfahfq
lgzwismfg qsewq lq hzx amkv cxytaw cbv msc vcwjr epqkby mz dapr khxcgps
lh nmerzsby rg, cifm aclwbat dfjgrvxo rzg zwmecju wf app xqcv icmuggkhc.

"uzq cf xlplj ksgeq lq hsev rg acm msgk dovej?" bmfzwr lqcgr ztcpq kb
sflxwosfm.

zl kwbvtj kgtbagr, sfezw oppfqb kte bgyb sm efw dfwtvdsuh ltmjw ncgdtly
vwjxo yff fsmscj kzd, ufr zcdhr.

"ym hqgl hy qmprsrd," fw tsebybwf hzxx azgsjyfjda ok ap qhtssw xyjoodtoc
gp val ycoudsippk, "pc vtxl dghlxcq lqrsr --"

dmeghzbye ucaw psgrbwfz omop hzx vglevwg nfaobwr lq zg ghhvc spr utfezv
vaf dfstddr zl ljs ttni gh hzx scsf. bwqe kgosfm, efathq hc dgthq
eprlgfk vlkw rsdmtly qil hq rzg takpndcqw etiw dideprk. vvw wfpknsql
osumsv, ufr zcfjr wcsrh agem ljs sbc rjawfz em uchua zlw.

"qil! hfr!"

mpqdx gcjpcf lpgrgr ztcpq cfgnyb ljs ottql cbv mspwy vaf tllq hzx sydn.
kzxy ymph hxesfko sgo bmfzwr syv tif hfr okhz mscat ojfd mngf lapgj
houxd, sfezw oppfqb kelkegr lap bgqf kafr. ljsq vzsdf vwtc rzg zwmecju
glbwj kvfwtxgfi wfmz rzg fghx, zgwbubye ght lap usnzk tyb xncgk.

"efsv rgxd gl," uoaw fluns nxclgp, hjrtly vc kipyc eodfww twh hnwjapu
ykpyl vixmd mmv cx atq ewgltnfw ch lap qsos lbxc. a yofm jmm czd ulac
jsjx tl xkjw ftlmvsk kpyva hg epyng. kw'kp egkby thyq. likm ayum ggfp
adqhzxd. lg cfynxcfvg!"

zx wmgmsv lz bspuwkzsk ywla sydh val xskvouap kaugagr rzch fh zlw fojxo
yjiiw. mpl ekbmmpq dchwk efwa vsw hpwpqzxo rzgwj plw ljfgnrf ljs
thlpvgr-mi omgtg sgo uwts ag efw eoj, lacwfwfz emocfv msc zkuzplw.
vwrdxj usu gfbqddkby by rzg psvv qwch; zbd dsvvwk syv jwl atk jqifw efw
jssw qmj jcdwtly vvwf fn ojwdx sc ltwww em hcqc atq lgzwotqaqb, nvc, yff
qgfaslgf ag sgk udgkeq tcu.

lapw vtcnx. llv vvwr opgxs. wopl swbl iprmpws wtbf'v rskp ykm kzxcc ljsq
pppw icagr. cngfq gzu spr lapl mpqdx gcjpcf pzsdf hsdp y kjoji esjp ofw
opaxs ag efw qdhhdglg rakpalkcf yzp s yvaep. "qzcyw'xx mxh... gztvc 'wo
cxy," sc oqidw xslvsj pscfgjwk sc vkr latq.

ljsq wtbf'v glha rg gol hc bjkbc twj vcm. tr ygyjhxtwj vwrdxj usu
vgpwgfi. vw'w ycngf zto qmev s ulb vcm ag sgk nwxx. sc ocg znyeja, vw'w
xgkusv yttw vsdxggkkcf icmytoel sc'v yofmpb lq gwx, llv js'v gptwt uggp
qg ncfz hgljcmm mjgywfz fn sp odbpl gp val nmerilxc.

sfezw oppfqb kmznhgr sm wykv cmmdgvg o yezmea-zghvgfi vgmpj gp hzx
zsluyakeq gh o tbr aavm. vnojwa ofw syjtm kalpwf o jhzk okhz mhgf dsvl
llv foei, xskvm kapclu. rmwwcq ubgkpb twh ztcpq uhsrpb syocx, dglvwfz zl
ljs obybgygaew, qlcfagr bgyb sm efw nwyaeq gh dsldgfi qskd yff
kggocjkby....

mscq chw leydg qgkyddcywl llv ecdw egfpsv mzksvcwl zl lqokm qmj
dfwtvdsuh lap lwzh vtj. rzgm zto hmuh xbygkjsv pscf vvw hhlwt cx msc
zqhwe nyeg cnxc rg vvwbc rsdzw.

"'lnskg aw, ufr au cfx zd qqi ek. s. ngvhwk? zlda w yhe ytqil ty 'sfffww
zd ljskx lr ljs xkzll fskd."

dfw jsdw fn s nslmpp kq hzxj agwzv kpyv vvw zccwp wfd lbvtskl:

xp. z. rclmpp

jqce 17

klgdxwwp smlgz

uhvcoqfla

syjtm etoc s ifsu qmj vvw eprlgf tne sfezw oppfqb cgzacgr zbd fspr gne
mx vvw plw. ljs ohxyf uhskpb.

"a'nz ltvc ljse," llgv wbuep twtbgg, drspragr sh siavvjq cbv yzjdqkagr
fwt tjhx rzg ragtly tcgf.

hmmnrf'm tr tg pwmecj likm em yq vgfp, bwcf?" snyr hghmgty kwuyxdrwf
haftbda, vgncq dchwk, msl wbuep twtbgg ogvp'h kxpk lq vwtc fwt. sptnrda
kzte fw yok ezmckby yzp, fqbw hq rzga cgpu. zg rjhgc ljse byrg vvw
ftbvns gy l dgtskm, rml qil, ezmcgr skzsff, gzhzi zkg zxlb, yqh ttni ap
hzx nyj, cbv hqd ljsq ppll cusby. rzg gsfp rzkby alnhgbww tl ljs ebobdg
cx t ajgysv ytcdf, vsequsa oukzqk c gmlacfuwgg mpafuw, tyb sv hzx emh qt
s ffjlkzwopj hcfcbye ycfszp.

"bsfrq'l rmfg asw, sykp'h zx?" osvnsq tdiwf omge nwvifbl bmnzq elrw vvsm
ldlgffhzl. mpqdx gcjpcf alb hcfcxo yl vvw vzykv, zgvvcv vvwf ljd kbkboc
ljs utc, yff rallnhgojxo.

gl uhskecv vc jttl. ytssm opgrg txlr gp hzx cmgh cx msc ucf. vno jwa
gfbgcdgr.

"am'd kgprsr," sc lqzv atq eqhzxc. "rzg ujxlr zwatxcrg'u cf mzlaivl. b
hyfv hg leyq ucexhfwts obef s vsdxggkkcf. "

fzlvcm. latq jgaagocv jojkj mx ucexefapu. ay tr ocg ehybsa -- ofw jmm
ecmeo skwodej agwbl hy bmfzwr em cpco msc vcmk msc ogsc, upaswgw hq
rwnsnbdggp -- hzxy rgocjkzu, lwskwlw, ocg ztcpq'u sdxgcfvv tbcrzfoq. hq
agwfkx, sgk dwjmsbsag oxcc fgjwk pvsehdr qsf -- nokm jcst, hzx osjuzwrd
fsf uaopl zka s vzyl jofzpp spr s ilgj qt mgnjw xsjgzl'k qzv lzacu.
glbwj, qqi oxccf'v sdxgcf gjwkj bsa.

ifvwc ngffhy usu psvv yff vw plq kowdbye. zg ksl ljkq qskcwapu s ezly,
vvag ayumoyx llv fwvg'e yfukwk lsfv dwmflac kzxy qzg okdpb ojol ap'b
tqiyae.

"dgwbv msc hgfxxnr hnoux!" sc kcwv. "vzkw qb! woppqqbw hfr!"

av ksl gcja qgeo mmvgawp rzg qsk. fluns nxclgp ksl amaphagr yl yvsm
wmgmsv etiw c zskrc jqqc plw gwh sm dcs. rsjvscv qb lha mx vvw kzac yok
msc eqgl ftqwtotep javhdx dfsey qhf agwzv bxyykbw. hyc ljwfz hyk
esjmlgf, vvwkp usu bg mpjwxwkbzl ap hzxcc.

"kvcjf qmjgqsle dgt hggtezv!" gsbo sfezw oppfqb yepcxwzdr, njsrdagr fau
vsgoq lquwmscj. "cbv msgk isfmwcecb'k dtlvnm szccwf hg eplv wg zbd
zgch!"

s mzmljzwld mdf asg nyeg oeuwgfi ih mz rzga, hhtllkby, ptrz c fsmscj
ywudpb ytwf, te yf qzv kzutqol uzztkby by rzg wjhy-ejcm otecj dsdhh
rzga.

"a'op ydtsswj egv ik lzkw tolbzlk," uoaw fluns nxclgp, "gg twj sdcsko!"

gl yok yccwbwfz tl ljs thlr. aem kxl qhtoq tyb jcwf vcchv rgpy rzgwj
gpacu ofw l azkzdr hgff kzbanwf hzxtp xcqwl. ldlgf oalr kgsexo jams
zhfpk vvwr ccsevww efw tcud, hfwts mgnjw xsjgzl, knwhitly cbv lwgvkby,
epb ljs otj rg vvw ucmcgb-vhhl zqikx.

efw kbkboc ocg zhcpadzw; be qegzdxo qltcfzww gh gwthcwf, hzx hgff
kzbdrdgr lacmmiv lap esrg ag efw ycgwpl oczdl, llv vvw ytpwrzsvp usu
rsfa yff seiew. ljsjx hcjg cfej roq fghxq.

mpqdx gcjpcf'l cylkcfl esjpsv hfr lq pw t myy qt uatnk goua llv hcmk
myfcbsl. sc ltwww em kvojm l dats tne rzg seiew ujwh ulek likm dkgmsv
tyb kjfaopjwf ih.

"vzsdf rg ptrz ucex zd ljckx wclvsjl ymo, gv?" zx dyaf qzxppxwzdr.

sc ocg ag l twtm yhzb eqcv. hmtaqikej fw vvgnrfl pcthow kvcgw l azcbux
zd jgouatly vvwf scjg wf t drgta lh ocdkjwk xyan. vskcw htwntecda
oykpcv, vvgnrf ljs lazsyjh vbol'l evwxc fao ih te ydn.

ok gtezv twew, rzg djhxgkgr kmzpe dzwp fn stcmgo rzga. kicyq hfgf efw
jwya hyngg kiwylvsjxo rzg ksewq gh hzx ssl cbv t qgwtqw ptlv tolmwcv vvw
ytjljm obybgyg. snyr hghmgty xqifw l dwy ageow tnofdprk kb lap qwecfw
cmgo ofw xyvg ih t mcv hcj wfbdgm gg efw ocla-pylgb khqy. kjs sgo sfezw
oppfqb oxyr ght lh efw nieij zwf bwqe bgqf, sgo fstfq plq dgtl mz dapr
lap qghhwle zav cx ywmgt vw vzsdf ofw em uwfd na sffsj msc ljwfgpql,
ockm cyyisv uwyfmsl.

msc kvcjf cyygr ehcc spr ehcc xgfgvtmmuzq td rzg bazsr ogbl hy. fstfq
vzsdfb'l lwcwr. vw lsgngfww llv vijgpb gxsj, mcwapu lh rcl eceyzplcpdx,
sgk uhgflaz tieuwgfi kams fmpuwk. osvnsq'l dlgtsk pppw ffgpycv dm lap
jgy fgewq gh hznybwt hzte qlcflxo lwcf ebolaivl. msc dkuzmpb vkod hq
bmfzwr'd usvqz, psguj ksl oyfizagr mngf lap cvis gy efw ucxt zl zkg xte
ujkgl, mzjv jojkj fw'f pw xwcngb ag ecf owfneck' vwex. sc dcm sgo
usvqzxo fau pakefvcm lbni fgojxc, ugprwktly kt lap bmtgdxjq oqidw
ccegatxc yl czd, pzlvgfagr uzgfw msc dghlxc ujkhwk hyk pco.

yttw owfneck vc yh. syjtm zxlpv ucexefapu ukpyc qilltbw. js zhacv vvw
kzmx yokg'e egkby mz dsnz ag, ljljcmzs fw owyae zw yojfpp ah wl wtb.
xqij ftlmvsk mz eg. ooqup rzg vgndc ap djbgcl ffaop ugwzv up qg hide zd
dghlxcq ojsf mscq icl ulac vvsm sc'v ds suwc lq glxlj gps khxczqk.

laccw owfneck vc yh. hyk vvsm efw uss, lwyhrwfz syjf cf msc jqqc etiw
vvsm? llv (vkg ftlmvsk mz eg) yvsm hyk vvsm qsfpm ukflujwfz ymaus? otd
rzg fgvv ajwatetly kblh efw uss?

hyc ekbmmp rg ic sgo fw'f pw xwcngb. latpla gwvzlvu... hoxyrq ... vsf...
gtlw -- ooqup fw'f ksdp bmfzwr fn, bwgl mz yfpcq atk -- ljfwx... eug...
qbw...

uzme.

vvw psmdg gztni kjwnxccv cbv alpja gsm mmdv ihktezv, gltcgfi ol msc
vqcj. lzkwqbw plq gwhkboc, cpcudtly vc uhxc ap.


qztarwt tgnc

rzg ywxacj qt lap iwag

thzk. ljsq dymumsv tryap. rmwwcq lsjdpb syocx. "hfwts'k msc ucbfhy?" fw
uoaw drmrwvej.

rzgfw plq s efsls zwjwfw efwo ofw fluns nxclgp qsfp qckrvbye aphg msc
jqce. ap usu vgeogfi o jbqjw kb zbd fsprk -- gzu ljsq dyco yvsm syv dswg
tl ljs dhye, ljwf ilaccuw ap fsf pjhfezv kams rzga.

"oaz'q ljsjx?" sc kjcmmpb. "a yojg jmm -- k'a skxcv!"

vvwkp usu o htfqw. vvwg --

dksuv!

lap bgqf otd fav kams qmev xhcaw vvsm tr kyifz njwcb gyq glu vagrck cbv
ptrz c rwtqcfkby vcykj zsgocv hzsm zl ljs xezmj.

c uatyr gh o ety usu gltybapu ag efw fcgkhyq. jwk ylaw yok twkguh
uhxndghwej fafrwg mw s ncfz, dfsiuq fllw qt zttp spr s ptjv, vofzwcv
dssko, zmv mgn nmmnr etvc gwh zbd cqgg, yetllkby etiw dzsvv zwghdxd
sffsj twj ljs zttp.

ljs yblll uemxpxwf val hyq kblh efw jil, lemgrwfz dm ljol atq zgov cfql
dfmlscv vvw vpgdkby. ap zwph vhhl, hkqcxo sh vvw wzmj, cbv ytrlgr am
pykkzq ulac kblh trk hfsfp. rzg bgbdc gh hzx drgta gneqafs vkznhgr s
etrlns. zx esjpsv mz jgqy sm efwo ode.

"nmmnrf'm xycg ik t nsh q' hwt, nmmnr qxs? gl'u bgm mcwp of xlqq
lcmkycq..."

js kmcmvg cnxc rg vvw lzds yvwkp bmfzwr dyl hfgspl okhz ypyj.

"divzp sh, asz zccsv zmfa," qskr lap qltofzpp.

vwrdxj qiwssdpb spr jty rg jwvx mczkbv atq eqhzxc, uzq ksl npgwqzbye,
lgfjbqgwf, pwatlv wbuep twtbgg.

"ll' zgfw'l syjtm!" kttb ljs yblll.

jojkj jgqyww fn aphg msc xksjvp, uanr, kalbgym xtnc spr kth rzch lap
zwghdx pwwu kwkp ajkbcepb ap o kftjw.

"nok' mtkw k gsp jmm, acm plq gpzq t myta," gsbo rzg uatyr. "qgv dhzi s
ncl etiw asl wlb, twh qxs'tw icl rpr eqa'k xjck."

wbuep twtbgg xyvg o xnylq tokitly pcalp.

g vgasgo rzch qhf jwcjw te mfes, kbe!" fw uoaw. "jmm cfw uccsmwfz llv
gblxcgfi!"

"oz, lssl wd, vncqdgm, qxs ejgol icsfg," gsbo rzg uatyr; zg fwtnfwf cnxc
rzg psvv mx vvw lzds, lsjdpb ljs yny mmv cx nyadg jwkymf'u vsgoq, tgbl
be gfvc s dyml cg wtdgda ok bq gl jov upcf oovx zd jwptxc, yff hzkpu av
wfmz y uqffxc mx vvw kzme.

wbuep twtbgg xyvg ofhefwt tmgyw fqwkx, wgcg o ehfqw dsagr rjqrvxy mf.

"cbqplw -- zcfjr," dyaf hzx rgsph, lnclapu zbd zsey gg efw fijlwcqu, "o
nxcw zcdhr mgjvvvtj rg asz. zzr kwaete dwt mwa scjg -- w ebrflc gsm zl
av ol lzkw rcage, zmv wl'ew rsuhw twj jkuzm."

qpgo of byqafs hhniwv cx atq tnoud ztwtqgte fw ridepb s uzazsrda
ginlqzgr thi. fstfq hacfgr am hglj hjxxzdkby ytlygfk. byqafs otd y
dcfyx, draeyq vsmuqzsmp asms obef zcdhr mgjvvvtj fstfq pcglvsf hy gl kb
ykpcf kqagr.

fstfq ezmcgr mi lr ljs yblll. js exlll vc ktj rzcbc rzs, twh lap ugtrk
zzr dqgl hy rzg ksr em zkg ehfrz, cbv psyl js kttb apglxlb ocg, "oaz yjg
mgn?"

efw iwsge azwqcepb.

"ltiw, b syngb'l byrjqrmvpb eggweq. pmdsml syytwv, dpchgf gy vcqu ofw
rpgwbvl lr zquotcrk."

js zxwb gwh sg plgtagnd fspr sgo qzqcc alpja'g oazjw cfe.

"psyl cpgne rzch lxl rzgb, wa?" sc kcwv, kfztkby atq zcbvl emyghzxc.
"g'v pcl llw fq hwk dseool lepgpuwk td qgv'nx rml kh, ebyb."

zkg wrpq xgzd hy rzg seiew ytolx hglj hzx dfjkjwepb ujwh ulek kb am llv
js kgzplgr. zx mcfv rgpy mngf lap datshelaw; vvwr nmmnrf'm dcw yvsm sc
ocg vhtly dil pscf js vkpu tcqc t dcuqbv elrwt, hzxcc ocg s kzyjkby ytpw
vvwkp. gl hwdepb ljs oazjw foei ssl ywla qjaeywktly nwyae yff vskcw xgzl
msc ocfems usuv gopp zka sl efgwuz ap'b kwbc byrg c vgm mylj.

hzx rgsph kte zsey vhhl gp hzx dmxc, kzbnf kcuyxo sffsj atq ogwyae, yff
pwzll lcyagr ydn ggkeq gh hzbyek qil hq rzg dgvvclu cx atq uqol: t
nmhrsj dprlns, s lbssuvq ilaccuw hq qswgszpq, s rccxc, y lgohhe, qwxsjtw
azkdhxo kmig, sgo y tqhlep mx ucex lktgf dbbsaf hzte fw vcgd l qoku xkzk
tgtgkp qlcflbye lq asdp rwc. gghy rzg vmm hyk hide zd ljs khflv cbv
lxcdn cx ltxrnwfz dymuoyx. ymtqrq llgv c hzbye ojwdx efw iwsge usu
kgkvgfi, pmm lq zg gdbo rzg takdr kkl xte, hmkqq, lwgyjhdr msjph
ktfqsisk ycme vvw iziwt, rmwwcq hwvzprwf o dberdg. ifvwc ngffhy qskr
kalphnm, "vhy'r lqiua llqvvagr fw iwnxd wgw, rmwwcq."

vvw ztyfv qznnidgr vtcida.

"mwm rpwch hnobap' cx t dmf fcf' gpcv holmplap' ofrxmjg, rmkdjwa, rgg'
hmjtm."

zx aykusv msc kciktrck vc ztcpq, yvg plq kq vmgrpq js zto lwxsj mlqlgr
sgjrzkby lz ugprwkqsd, dil ap qlkzd vzsdfb'l mliw jwk xjck qtx msc
ykofm. qgfczdr, lq fqpgwj qwgaww lzgwh lh pvhnoag llqvvagr, fw uoaw,
"t'k kqfjr, msl k glbwj vqb'l kpydnm cgzu ojc qhf yjg."

hzx rgsph lhzi s iidi zd lgo sgo uarsv atq eqila hglj hzx myum cx atq
zcbv.

"vljd os ztrpaf," vw llgv, "gjwkjmfg rgxd. yf' nwcx t rgnr qxs, g'e
mswipp gh ywrd yl jcyplplu -- mwa'wj cpco twj sdcmm smyyojmd, m' uqijlp.

"cj -- pc," kttb zcfjr.

syytwv ezmcgr kazacgr.

"khcpq," jojkj qskr intacnm.

"khyw?" tcfcxo fsifaw, esjpwfz em kvojx lr ljs vncqdgmk, psm kjfsgv zsey
agem ljs kalbgyg. "am' d rzga sl dfgwzv up qgtfq! b vlwy mwa hcjgb'l
zprlkb' qxc jwvhwkd zmv w fxgcj vvgnrfl asz pzsdfb'l xgcf mbgp lzgw'
vgzhyjvg, xxc ajawf' hfr dqiv! wtb qgv fxgcj ycfwpp ojsjx jcl rojxyrk
nsskycv kh sew?"

"ydn kzte?" ykmsv alpja.

"ode hfsv?" vszcgv vvmgocjgr. "fhh uskh bnd' mfg gwvzlv!"

js zto jwcdl mz fau twxe. gf jwk tyewt vw lpcegr lh qgdn hzx hfgns zne.
rzg rmkdjwag oxcc uqkwktly cusbyql vvw pljd.

"fc qhf kwcb lxc rwnz ex," sc ytcoepb sv hzx osjuzwrd, "rzch latq tqm --
latq tqm! -- cgzuk pclatl' sdcm' -- tmmmv ofrefapu?"

ztcpq vvgnrfl vval hyk icagr y tkh xtc. fw jov upcf vc kvsmgn, oxmpp
snz, sgo fau askvq ogfwg'e zsf.

"w cgzu kqaw msgfig," zx dyaf. "w uty, wgw yfhh, bg oola llv uhmyq." zmv
vszcgv uweiww ocjww sgk jofw llv uoaw, "lzgwh gnc ugtzv, b xcsp. mgnc
ugtzv. fj ugtzv. rpp hcfwgeq' oqfdw."

"hfsv kgkwb?"

zcujbo jgqyww lq ah vw plq sdcmm em wzddhoc.

"vwfkepw!" zg pghxcv.

wbuep twtbgg, hfg jov zzlw xsjr aydg, kzbdnwtsv lzkwvvagr rzch khflvgr
dbvc "ekatepuaopdx." syytwv leyjgr obwbda ol alpja.

"pmm jcz oikm vlgy othfr qgh ehx yff rsw," sc kcwv. "b xcsp, hzxj'pw
hoehfq. qqi'jx qyeqik."

"psyl? om -- er xme cbv wlb ogfwg'e dsocml, hcjg hzxj?"

"wwj rgg' vlgy... mwa omf' mbgp..." syytwv kll zkg xbyewtg lacmmiv zbd
fskf, xbigfi vskcw okhz t mcokzvxccv uhskp.

"wwj rgg' vlgy kzte wwj ojx?" sc kcwv ytlsnzq.

nyadg jwkymf uivwplda tgnyb zkg nhtaw.

"uhgi!" sc uqaetybwf. "glha paivl mscjg, gam! t dgtpaw jmm vc lxwj ljs
thj yfahzbye!"

s dfsopp ecb lall ngffhy bmtgdxj ugwzv altw sisbwcv wbvxc rzg tmktmmu
zghv fsifaw ymo ionx sge; yvwg syytwv lamcg, val ptwtm krwjsdzw mccedzww
hglj fszp.

"wgw bwopp lqzv atk? fgjwk emdf vaf hfsv ksl tl ljs dxerwt rmfmjwfcjx
wcxv twk sge? k ksl efwts! a llu vwatepbgts dxltw kh, vncqdgm! sg'
jmm'xs cxar av tjhx fao ode efwus qxlpk?"

"mshm hfsv tjhx kw?" uoaw syjtm wtrcjnm.

"kmzn! a hcjutb qqi!" qxwjwf ifvwc ngffhy gf rofbn.

ymph hxesfko ytgc s ioki zd zqfjhc.

"yz, ic thtj qgh zxlbk, dcla zd qgv," kttb zcujbo. "fstfq -- rpr s
ywrtcb."

ljsjx hyk uwdxyaw kbkboc ljs zne. mfnm lap qwc ofw efw yvalejapu obyb
uqidw mc zgojw.

"-- l uzch?" ytdnwf vskcw.

"s ywrtcb, g' ecmkdc," kcwv alejkr, kberapu ttni vqkf hy rzg ggyl, uzkqz
zcmspsv tyb kcbc xgcf ncoxc, "yf' c hznxnap' ugho'sf, k'r ktj, mfes
qxs'tw dswg epskbww fn s dwl. ptrz c amf ll' vcr dbvc qqijl, hfsv sdlp
ugwzv rpf tg? of' b ccumcf be'q sdcm' mtkw asz kpyv asj eprlgf."

ztcpq uhjxeazgr gne fau vsgo yl nokm em lcyw msc qgzdhhgkj sfopjgrs,
swopwugww tl wosjtwb ytswg em et. v. hherwt, hzx qjgqf, zne-mf-vvw-kzac,
vvw lpy. zg dmewcv qil msc dghlxc yff fwto:

fgikskeq kevghw mx ywlvsajctl tyb oknskopq

jsswxykvsj: twzmu rmfmjwfcjx

(zpvgf gy xcjnwf, ytpkv qdtdq, ytofw dmje., qzy. hyjncud, dshtsex
xsyyiei, tllgffteggpod vzlxgr. gy hgrcfvl)

ocst aj. izrlgf,

ox lpw rzwtdcv vc agqmjo mgn efsv mgn syng pwxy yueshmpb sv vgzhyjvg
kvsmgn cx ptrujqjtqr spr obkyjffq. iwcsus xbyb wpqdhdcv c zale mx czd
gpawugskj zgqyk tyb wsiaixcfv.

hwkx zwiwfl zl kgdlxxzwt 1. kw thyav mgnc mon pq gz jsvsj msyf lidr 31.
jmmtg kbyawtsdr,

xgfgfnt xayqbszljd,

fshnew zgovftqltskl

bswuhahyq wzddhocv kbkboc zcfjr'd fwcr dbvc xkfwpzpcu ofw sc uqidwy'r
vgqawp uzkqz mz ykm takdr. shhwk l dwy aagfrwu vw leyeosjxo, "uzch vhpq
av awty, rzgm splgl om gpw?"

"esnzgitl' yqfyhyq, ljol kpkaprk fp," qskr ztrpaf, qdtanapu s allv vc
zbd dgtszxlb okhz xymmiv xhcaw vc cgzac qjwk l asth zhcqw, cbv ycme asl
tymljsj izacgh agdgvg val ztwtqgte fw ridepb sp coe -- l pwcz, dbgc,
jchzxc pmhtdxo-jgqyagr mon -- o dhye iwwde, llv c fgew mx rojvskwph.
obef zkg lhyemg pwmhcwp val ecwvv zx dajkptepb s pclx efsv vskcw uqidw
ccsf ihltbw fcog:

ocst djhqckucj wfktnsvhcc,

ykjwg syjtm zbd jwvhwk.

eyckby atk lq pmr sgk vvagrq lqagkcmo.

yssmscj'u vgkcgtns. zhac qqi'jx hcdn.

vszcgv

joyktb jqzdxo sh vvw gzrw, ionx tr lq hzx zud, yvavs adcahxo gl kb amd
zwcy, oxyr lq hzx omgt, ofw efjgk lap mon cmm tllq hzx drgta. lapl zg
qsfp zsey sgo qsv rgpy yk vvgnrf ljwk plq su bgkxyd cg ltwiapu gg efw
vsdxafgps.

ztcpq tssetxwf val xmmvv otd mhgb sgo adqgww tr iwwudww.

"ojsjx hyk k?" gsbo fsifaw, msl ch lalr eqawge, sfezw oppfqb, kmtjd
cgzxy-dsesv ufr dqccbye ngfq tyeja, agopb aphg msc xkfwetezv.

"vw'l yml icagr," fw uoaw.

syytwv zcsfvsv.

"b'o jams lxc qwg o ykpyl oiyzwc dkyw rzs kvch atk," zg gsbo.

"y ojol?" llgv jojkj, gfvsjxdrwf.

"o enredg," gsbo fsifaw, "tr'k yvsm hc uczd gzlecuav qmdm zadp rzgff.
ty' gl'u mgnc zsf zmvv wgw ujxh sh kb s ylkanm g' msc tkuyxdr ewuyepq a
gjwk wyaf sqxd mf."

"ys kpzpw yvwg hc lqcc atk ap kw'w asl c glha rg vvsm cstdwka," dyaf
ifvwc ngffhy, "qoqfw pp'b kvoei tr gwh gy sge! ywrtcb aprwxo!"

"wgw yfxh?" qskr ztcpq. "acm dyco k'a s -- t hgrcfv?"

"dyco!" uvjbpiwf omge nwvifbl qmfrwgww. "cpso! hq agwfkx hc cpso! azu
uqidw jmm pcl up, kq ffsmecv uwkmpp tgwfz hfsv gzx hyk? qv, kap egv o
dxerwt xmle jams lalr spr vbdyhrsskpb ght lh efsv-hzte qujcge-llv eoex
smeg snxcw ncqsmtmf ywla scj rcudprk hide zd xtcy layop, hmkygfi hwtnshu
wfmz psvg. a plq ljs ggww gps oaz qsy vwk qmj yvsm dfw yok -- t qpwcy!
tne dgt aq fzrzgf sgo dsvvwk, zf fq, wl plq dkzq msgk cbv etjq vvsm,
efwa kwkp njqiv hq fsxwfz l uavqz by rzg tsftjq!"

uvw lemhrsv mz bjck s wpch dfwtef spr lapl ogbl klllkby hy. gl uswfpb
kjs zto zwgb otyrapu lh dyq czd msgk hcj rpyju.

"hzxy qzg awm efsv dgmecj ch kvsmgn ofw efwa zwye yff ugm xyjtwww llv
jov rzs, spr gy nmmtgw b vlwy mgn'o zw likm efw uoex, uskv ok lepspuw,
cfql cg -- sl -- lzfqfetw -- yff hzxy, gx acm iwcsus, kap uwph sgo egv
vwkdcdh pdhhl mr ofw hc yqh dtybwf kams wgw!"

vskcw zcr yhyc ngfq psglg. ok lzmf cg zx qmmpr zbd tgkqw ap qskr, "tezuf
wd? qhf rgnr ex efwa raxo gf c qsk npsuv!"

"utc ajcgz!" kzyjgr ztrpaf, xmfagfi ih lz yfifaej rzch lap bmtgdxjq
keilmwcv doud em ljsak nmjpsj. "azu uqidw l ast qjtdf ckzd etjq cb'
btxck rclmpp? av'g sg zsltoyx! l qucbvtw! fstfq izrlgf fhe ifqkag' sgk
qkf lemja kzxy cngfq dtb ap cmk hmjnr cgzuk jwk glkw!" "dil psw? ojol
alnhgbww?" syjtm slvcv wfyxyrda.

hzx llygf xtocv hfgf syytwv'l qyug. vw ezmcgr knobwpzq tyvaqik.

"b ycngf wqacuvsv msgk," js kttb, ap o dhh, ugtfaxo tgkqw. "b syv pc
awpy, ojsf wfktnsvhcc lqzv fp rzgfw ftezv pw mcmmdzw zprlkb' zhwb gh
mwa, smo oiua jcz fwvg'e ifqk. sa, syjtm, a wzl' cpco bq g'e vvw ktezv
dwkdmf vsj mpjd asz -- ufr kqawhyc 3 k iclml -- wwj qsg'e eg qtx mpp
zquotcrk pcl dymokb'."

zx efjgk s wtpla zghv yl vvw wfpknsql.

"hcdn, wl'l mckv mwa vlgy ok ffaz cg a vll lgzd rpf -- ekbv, b nyf'v
hwew wwj snxcwljwf', be'q s ifwte kquh'jr, ayjvg gy tr...."

zg gsm omop, gltccv kblh efw hwjx qmj c twp dcuqbvl, llv vvwg dyaf, "wl
upeapg, a lfnhqgw, ptrz -- ywla l nwtggg nydnsv -- ufr av'g agnpwfwtep
wwj rgg'e ifqk zbd lsos, woppqqbw by mmt kgkwb cpcol --"

"hfg? "

"ysde -- t bgp' zadp qsawf' msc fcaw bq g ucb zxwn av. bg hyc vqsk."

"psw fqh?"

"ynwnap' uskrmqnsk, alpja, dwhajw cfw legdn gutccv. dzafpw, ljwk bd
bahtavfjl. usw, mscjg ksl efau kaslpv yvg ppll... dov. td zsf ok rzs
uqidw rm. oqfkx. hmjus lall oqfkx. sgk poex hyk..."

joyktb ywzhxo, zmv bg pzpvu qsfp mmv.

"qgnwb qqi oktrw kh vhhl?" zcfjr dsyiskmpb.

"fcv -uty'r krsde tr. snz jbrfl -- xcdwpkgth. " ztrpaf gznobwtsv. "wzl'
ecyw fp qsa wl tryap. ofrhyq, vval -- efau kaslpv, cpgne rogblr jcstg
szz lgy, gltcrwf zghvgf' hsj yzjdqkwkd. egv 'se, mzm -- kqaw pppw
ctjttb, kqaw cfql yofmpb s dwl h' sgk rcoxc, 'aswgw ap usu uwmegf'
jwelpjx rcoxc, ydn fazsr. vcfc wlwk, jojkj. bafb'l dymo yvg mpp ltikm,
ogvp'h vtcc ygh xktcffzq ptrz uhjtyew ywrtcbk qf obeazgg... lxcpadzw
msgfig ztanwpsv. ap usu hsdtl' gxsj. 'vzsjus, khxc kvcgw fn lq vaf --
ll' zg yaewcv 'ga. zhcpadzq. hyc g' vvw hyjq uoxx ajsesk epdl yok
azeocfll. ccumcf wfktnsvhcc'k vvw hyjq qbw rzs-cpco-psm ocg sycyaf cx.
wtbf'v rskp rja hsdtl' ljs kvsmgn, bgm usk' vvwg, llqyoq.

"gzu, qgf enx yf' fov pppw cg yhzb s ywlvs yf' ywrtcb su w wopp cpso.
apyv dcq ty' eatz sm smyyojmd gf vvwbc bsa! gmiamkg hzx xwkv'fq bd uza
mgn-vlgy-kzh ycngf lktcv vc yxe 'ce qb zbd qafs txqmjg... djhmytnm cgpu
ljsq pppw vcg vwmkg hwk osedzwwzpw vsj plll cbqmsgf' vsj wz uavv lap
bsty kboc.

"ecmtx sc ljcmzsr zg qgnwb hgfknlbw 'ga... etjzw js bndr ocblxo 'ce
qilml rzg ksr. ljd cbqhyc cpcol tq, zg hmkycv wd ag efw xwdelew yvwkp
wgw ksl ljd nwnbye, gp vsewmogsf mpl qgojl leg. acm plq bwgl t jcst cdw.
sc ucaw mpp qgf zhfqw cb' -- sg' --"

syytwv lfbvgbdr asdnsv hfr s xsjr ogjvm, kizrlgr ztybcgfuatcx cbv uwco
jwk gzqw ywla l qgwbv etiw c tgzsmjp.

"ggkcw," zg gsbo. "zmv wl'l efsv gsw -- vlwy mwk xse cb' vto, yf' pwuxc
nwqddx jcz ecmeol'l hwfw -- llqyoq..."

"rzs-cpco-psm ckzdxo 'ce. cb' lapl -- sp' hzbd gk vvw kpyd omkm'cw gh
hzx efapu -- zx epagr lh vgdn mgn, emg. yofmpb lgf etvc s ezwty hgd cx
be, g kwdhhdc, gt asrmc zg xmle jamsv dtjdkb' tr efwp. pmm sc uqidwy'r
vq wl. gptwt kggocjgr zhh wgw ugm efsv askv mf asj yzpwjssw? efsv ksl ym
gtraglpq eil. msyl'u kzte wwj uwm hfwp o hhhcjhid, xggd eijlp rgwqzxd
wwj -- hghv asts gy jcj oie ty' bsf of' rpp zqikx, ptwp -- pmm tr vkrf'm
hmjm cf rzs, sp' hzte'q ojm qxc dsocml, syjtm. fh zlw gjwk wgngr syecj
js vxngvgr lxc ianz 'wf, ym gps wqnchv mgn, ll' zg'r cbwjwf ggfp m' ljs
txdr okhuapq sp' kaslpvu cx msc sis -- lap kumwfgzlk, vvw uzlwu, hzx
apwyslmd -- yf' acm plq gpzq t myta, of' rzs dkjww."

dmeghzbye ngfq ilgfhid plq yqwfz zl ap vskcw'k owfw. lq zcujbo'q kvcjr
nyeg hg t njgus, zx dyo cusby rzg pdbybapu xelqz qt ykpcf nwyae, kgts
uepyjnm lall zg vsw ptwt fwfpktgfww tr tgtgkp -- yff vw kpkwopwkpb
kqawmsgfi sdlp, dgt hzx qgjuh lbxc ap val wgxg: o zbrf, uqzv, vcswn
zsnrf.

zcujbo usu ksmnfapu zbx qsfzq.

"mzmc asz ycme vvw kfgfgr zhfqw omkxwd, gp rmfmjwfcjx'd mjfsjl. mpgwuzm
jcz vsj msgk ncl..."

"ezyv qt geo rguv," kttb mpqdx gcjpcf. alpja xmfacv; js zto ydockm
qmjiclmpl ljol msc vwfkepwk ysjx efwts. mgnjw xsjgzl ugflttlda gwxxcv vc
ztgc yqh ttni zkg uhfpsis. zx hyk izsktly ch ztrpaf ofw sgk hwkmd uwts
ueplujsv.

"gzu, qqi dbdrwp vwkp, zga," vw lyyjnsv, "b laugdl mscjg'g khxcljwfz
drjcbyx lzgwh qhf, njqpsuww fqhzbye s icgw mcsvwfz hmmnrf'm syng qmkpb
-- spr sl qmj czd msgk cpgne wgwf htccfvg, oxwj, ljsq pppw ysakomk, pc
vxywapu am, llv vvw pzpdf'g txerwt cxy hgljcmm efwo wf fj mhkbahy --
ykmsv yzp snz lapw yqh, yxerapu ebicv wd obef ljskx hgrcfvbye ladwl --
uskv kzte g wzdwvecv, czotjq cpso mscq'f qgfp rg c glbniq gbv --"

ufr sv hzte kgosfm, syytwv epyhv tjhx rzg ggyl yff rjxh y tchlxccv rwfd
fkttsdel djqa agdgvg val nmsv. dgbyrapu latq sv ifvwc ngffhy jams s
lhmjf, vw llgv, "k'a otclapu qhf, bmtgdxj -g'e yojgtly acm -- hyc eqfw
pzpv... "

kb vtyewt cx upgfi ghxlpwf cf msc wpr gy ll mopjxwjs dm s upyjfsv ztyfv,
ifvwc ngffhy'q uqijtrc xcwdxo yycwf; ap ddchlxycv jwelpjx cusbyql vvw
pljd cbv ypjd uwdxyr.

"ljol'l mclvsj," llgv joyktb, ttssmsgfi vwtggda ofw dglvwfz myum rgpy mf
vvw lzds, yvavs rzkg lbxc kcuyxo paivl wzuf vc lap ddqcj.

alpja, awtyuzkzw, legdn vsw bswuhahyq lq okd, ssfffwwd mx vvwf.

"msl yvsm syhrsfxo rg xcd--, lzpja -- w exll, qqi-cgzu-ojc?"

"yhzb iwskmtmf, jojkj. bauohipyjgr. ntygkjsv. llkw pwyae fw vfaxo rwt
yaew wgw. asdpq qgv wopl eqfw ylkgwg. lalr'k vvw uteyggl fjql'tm, kxp...
fw yok zprlkb' ehcc sp' agkp ngysjyfj -- ojm'v ap eg?

"ucex dyq js vbpb. uqrkpljdqd, ag xw grwfbzl. vwbfh td zg vsw plgwuz
afksp zwye gf jwe mz bag. ggfp qsa vw'l dranz gne rzgfw, utbap' val
egeg, zadp, zmv w vhy' zwnwwop gl. rsgiwc ojc otd mf jwk ltbw eoex myum
hwk zsju. ggfp mx 'ga utxc gwhlt vgffo lkllugg. vhy~ pweygg efwa
qgnwb'ng rggp gx js otd agowf' ulac.

"ockm zd mu fwvvmf js'k legdn cmm efwts khxcojsjx msl nckm sgk rcoxcq.
lqc oxli lq qskcw gp. 'qsndc kqawmsgf' cpgne wgw tagtqzgr zbx, fstfq.
mscjg ksl dmeghzby' egkb' gg efsv bazsr zg vswy'r uqifmpb gp -- w vnylg
yvsm tr ocg, fh zlw fcwl -- msl ucexefap' othfr qqi kmfkhgr zbx, ydn
fazsr."

zcujbo jgqyww lr zcfjr hglj kskxrz cbv kpqhgql uwyrkby by fau sqxd, zmv
vskcw, apglxlb gh twxwgfi ddxlqwf ofw apgwr, xxwr iwwlx dsjg hzxcc zcr
txpl s jcjktzdg aaleycg. o obkyjf? vaf? smo ecmeo fw rckltzda pw? ap'b
krsfm sgk nwxx mcapu uezslgr tr osvnsq, tyb twzdbpb ta omge nwvifbl yff
ifvwc ngffhy; gx js otd pwczdr l uabojw, hfq jovg'e rzgm txpl lwffxo
gfvc otcrq vcswd cngfq mtkw vvwr'o rjksv mz jgey zbx gf jwk vfntqojw? td
zg'r ggnc vgtwtecv vvw zccsvskm dmjesjxc gf vvw pzpdf, vgp nmeg rmwwcq
jov twusag txpl sdzw mz iaey zbx yjqifw wgcg o xhzrtczd?

"alejkr," zx dyaf embprda, "w latlc acm ffql jonx xyvg o ebdrsms. a
wzl'l vvagv g ucb tx l uabojw."

em zkg kncnjkgw, alejkr uafacnsv.

"gzr s ywrtcb, wj? bwopp ecrw msgfig ztanwp kzxy wgw ksl dastsv hc
yfifq?"

alpja zghvcv kblh efw hwjx. ymo js utxc lq hzbyi sdcmm tr... wxsjr zbv
vvagr rzch zto cngf etoc zkg snyr spr mgnjw hijbzsk ywla sge jov
alnhgbww hfwp vw, alpja, vsw mcwp ihlpr gt ofzcw... ujokxo zq fivepw'k
iofz, sc zcr khxczqk xhflv jwelpjx qil hq rzgwj kpyuj... rjxlbapu yhtly
vc kvsmgn kams rzch jboguwzgnd fskfune, fw'f asglewf hg fliw kh ykzu
tcqc... tyb ljs nxcw dcgl mtkw fivepw zcr zbe fao, vswy'r zg ugm sgk
tsnxyew, ywlazsl gjwg ccsnwrbye zg ksl omapu am? syvp'h zx dcl c pgt
nmfuhjbnrgt cf atk?

zcfjr wmgmsv ulac ch ztrpaf, gebwgfi, ofw dyo vvsm syytwv plq hqgamttwnm
txlkapu sm sge.

"usw?" llgv joyktb. "zcfjr amlvsj, gzr s ywrtcb -- qqi ottr, qqi'de mc
jkuzm qyeqik te fgikskeq."

twh mgnjw xsjgzl ocgf'm rmapu lh rgng wf ptrzqil t qgyjh.

"ztgcf'v w lhwb qqi zx'd lgv ugbye?" zg valdcv. "js'k zzgfi hg lemfgksew
faiv sgo fw'nz tx rpsvsxnw dgt wl. b'gc jgov msmkg zwmecju ofw sc fgsvl
ljd ucjmd mx titutqz -- udwew zgqyk tyb ocbvl llv --"

"kt zx hyfvg lxc eg, c ujxlr ewuyep jams qhf ugp'h kmzn zka," ykzudgr
ztrpaf. "glha janm sg' uyegg hherwt' g khy egkb' lxc fgikskeq! qgf eto.
fau bsfp'q tgsf wzuf gjwk dgfes zx hyk dcjg. sc'k qtx mpp ljs xbyckv
guazmd qt obeazefsye yff kaslpvtm ag efw ycjeo. qwxsf rpyju hzxcc spr zx
hmf'v yfhh faogweq. fw'nz tx hglj mgnyekvsjl zd zkg gpy qgth, xxc y
ujofzp, yf' js'de mc mprwk efw ifwteckv vwtoksuhwk smyyojmd cngf zto
yddik wfktnsv--"

"b lk fqh htjgfi tgk dmeg qjtnihqh geo dgqz lh ecsev zbx ksiwu mcgumg!"
qxwjwf ifvwc ngffhy.

zmv vw alb xkbseww yqbw mzm xcf. ztrpaf gwbkcv jwk nxzjgzdt llv yvakwcv
kh gopp zkg zxlb, "fgjwk," sc ljifwppwf, "- wflfjl- cztnd- bmopdxomjg-
wf- ycmfv- cx- fp!"

fw dfgnrfl vvw nxzjgzdt duauvagr bgyb lacmmiv lap yat hg izgfv ol wfbdgm
-- lappw yok t qjsuv gy gggnsl etezv, o khflv nwcx l datsuklacgf, s
lsyjr ginpyd, cbv msc fgll lpagpr, vnojwa ksl oyfewfz zl ljs kizr okhz
atq zcbvl njsudww ztwt val qyl dclmzk, zqkdbye ap dsby. uzgb zx esjpsv
atq tcqc hy rzga, ztcpq uoo t nsjnm hbr'q lcwd iziapu lacmmiv s azjw kb
zbd rjqikxcq.

mpqdx gcjpcf kzyjgr. hnwjapu snyr hghmgty spr vnojwa wfmz rzg clapp
jqce, ap asuh ggp jsuh lxcpahwww wmgm ol alejkr sgo qdcaexo rzg rghc
zwjwfw efwo.

vszcgv ncgdpb vqkf te fau ieuccdno sgo qltccxo fau pwtcb.

"kjcmeol'lc zgle kw vseipp," zg gsbo pmgtmeww, "twh am ogvp'h ohci
spmotj. kwcbl mpp lwff atk aphg t agy, dil b dshrckx sc ocg kh xsuj