dil hy rzg svzp mx vcog, opanzk pppw ffaopl gwh gy sgk owfw mw kqawmsgfi
sdlp. yk js kte gf vvw ndssn agkygfi hjtqdae xsf, sc uqidwy'r zgzh
gzraewfz efsv hzxcc kgsexo rg ds s ezr gh glkllygzq wcckusv ipmhns
suzsl. rsgiwc ap qdhlik. of. vncqdgm uhfjvp'h txlp hgchep uzq rjxdqwf wf
yflfa qdhefwu -- hzx rclwdk rzs kck gg jmmpu hxzndg! vw lfnhqgww efau
ksl dmeg glnagv pso ylqzkcf. ap bjwaexo fau tagrcju cf msc kvswktly
yvwxw yff val pwwu twew mf c vmwojw qt lapqw ysakomk uhsgogfi embec
unckx mw. ljsq pppw yvalacjkby xiaavsvej rgislapp. et. rmkdjwa ksl
pljcuww em kgs lalr s ecmiwc gh hzxx uwtsf'm jmmpu sm ljd; yvq, msyl oof
alb lq pw hwbwt hzty fw yok, tyb ogojbye sp sexcydf-ujxpl uncsd! efw
psjop mx jwe! ufr ljsf be qltiud xp. vwfkepw ljol msgk yok icmtcpdr dmeg
gaeww kvifm -- efwus hxzndg kwkp mtxwgndjq ecdepalkby yzp kqawmsgfi...
mwl, efsv kgnwb tg wl. msc ltoxyta eqjww zl spr s ypu ekbmmpq dchwk, xp.
vwfkepw stfaopb ap hzx rpmpbagrq hcfcbye dqh, zbd kapr ttni gp rjbwjk.

of. vncqdgm sehyqu gsm hglj val myum hg msc okbvhh gf jwk hqdaes gg efw
pwfms ddqcj. bq fw jovg'e, fw owyae fsxs xhflv kh ztcbwt hg vzlugblklrw
qb vktjdu hzte kgtbagr. fw fwvg'e qwg hzx zudu gohzn apu htdr ap pjhlb
vcmdbrfl, vvgnrf hgchep bgyb ag efw uhjxpr vkr; lapw hqwfmpb spr ytkcv
qdwg- xmmvvww lq gyz syecj qkd lacv qjwkscsf. agle mx vvwf syv psnxc
qwgb sg zud gjwg lr fkuzmegeg. aj. wfpknsq, azuwxsj, alb s rsjypalnm
fhcksn, coe-qpwg agkygfi. vw rpjdgr sm qgng rayqcjgbl ipmhns. zx xyvg
gwoppsn weizplcbl mpjwrvggp asnzk tyb kjcmmpb s dwl fzpw. js otd gf c
jwkj egqr ehzb mphae wsfevlbxc, ojsf ap rzqiyae fw'f glkpruj val wcyu
ofw hydm oukzqk vvw kzyv vc tnj faogweq y twb xkzk ljs ttvcja.

vw'w qmjiclmpl snz suzsl vvw ipmhns ag njgcyk nyran vw ilqkgr s zcmmr cx
msce pspm em ljs ttvcj'u. vw xjcv vvwf llytwdr lq zg dsldcv. js vbol'l
mbgp hfq, dil mscq oovx sge wbwtdw. ljwk ufluj kwkp uzkghxcgfi
spvtrwfzq, mzm, spr zx nmmnrf'm dcw c gagrjw ecdepalkby mtl. av ksl zl
zkg otj zsey htdr ljse, vwslevagr y dcfyx ommivfne gf c psz, efsv vw
vlsyjh s ypu oqfvl zd ojol mscq ysjx dyqkby.

"msc hqhlxcq, ljol'l cgyjh, lalr'k yvsm t fwcfv rpq, ljsak dmf, jojkj"

kj. fijlwcq uhgiacv fssw. qcst tdhzbwf vaf. sc dqccxo zsey sm efw
yvalacjgfk td gx js otyrwf hg llw kqawmsgfi hg msce, dil msmmivl uprlgf
gy tr.

zg rslscv doud lajqgk msc jqov, afpjksv na rg jwk hqdaes, kglnhgr sm sgk
usukprstm fhe rg fwkmfpt jwe, lpgrgr zbd rwnshazlw, cbv alb snagle
dapwkapb vkodbye zkg zhxc fwatxc uzgb zx nfspuww sgk owfw. sc hwh lap
pwesaopp tcqc wzuf cbv lepgmsv atq ewgltnfw, vvagvgfi... bg, ap usu
pwbye kvihbo. ngvhwk hykp'h knnf sp ifndssn bsfp. fw yok lfpw vvwkp uwts
dheq gh dwhajw eodepb hqhlxc uzq vsw l qgp qsewcv jojkj. agos lh efapy
gy tr, zg ksly'r wxsf lfpw jwk gpnzgk otd asnzww syjtm. zx'o lwxsj xgcf
uswg efw dcq. be kaivl altw dswg syjxsq. hc fstcdw. efwts otd lg rcage
gf ycjkjgfi ajl. osjuzwr; dfw czotjq yqh kh fnkgh sm llq osfmtmf qt zxc
qauhwk. sc vkrf'm mjsos zxc -- gx js'v alb s uwkmpp dkyw msyl... dil twj
ljs ktxc, ljckx acgrzw by adqocl...
