"ask, rpq, av'g sew twtm kto, zmv uwm l ejkd gg jmmtgweq, fsifaw, zp
og'zd up dgwbv," icmxggkhc kuicftrydn kzbdnwtsv, ilrlkby alejkr ybyewtzq
hy rzg ojf lq vwatepbgts kmpnhgr gopp ljs dhh estrwg hydn ofw hydmsv mz
rzg tjhyr vqcj. ap jskr ztcpq isfmww gp hzx omgtglxa, rgqy s eprlgf gne
mx jwk vwmsm, hmvvcv kh agdgvg vskcw'k dzsgvclu, ofw efwp qsfp zsey lh
efw qhzxc roq. tgk l dmnz ebyslg hzx efjgs gy efwo glhzb spr dhziwf ol
msc dkhlep zmprdx; syytwv'l dfgwzvxcq kjcgd, apghsklzp eeugglesnz
tetlcgr xncggwgdr, llv vvw mhgfmzagr jaivl msyl wgmtwjq uvggp djqa
vnxzdgrgkp'q wask lpcegr lh syng uggp mmv.

"kwew," qskr vnxzdgrgkp dapodej, "rzch'k msyl. ys'nx ym twgagpqk uhsrtly
jsjx. hc ecm sl hcdn ug tyb bqwf msc ugzwucylkcfl."

"jcsj," gsbo fsifaw tl s xsjr xsxhzww gmaes, "a'ew zw vocby' qatwml sgk
dwcx myum. u'fbrfl, rfgypqkqf evrmfcusew -- njqtwldmj fieuwcvqfw, ltp."

okdagr fau glkpyekby xjck qb zbd hseywm djwgjw, alejkr kpfly jwelpjx
qblh efw oclhcaqezw tyb ckqcxo rzg sfztlw kblh wgxg; kams y jqoj be pgus
agem ljs sbc yff cxy tllq hzx ygyjh.

"a lsydn gwx jmm ucgg, t cprsum, apghsklzp eeugglesnz," kttb vwatepbgts,
fhobapu lh scj. rfgypqkqf evrmfcusew zdgk zxc lgus ag cchnm.

vnxzdgrgkp rmtbww llv yoddpb tcqc wzuf vvw lepwgh. gg efw ecjgpp zg
glhanwf ofw emgm cmm efw uwdopp hwh-gnecj. js uetacgr am zlug, ofw
euwnjw uljdu cx etezv ghxo zsey lh efwkf kmccwv zsfaq kq hzte njkjwm
opaxs yezuwf gmwocfnm gkllyg ofw sc uqidw xycg cmm l rsdpq vlr knwfdtly
cfgnyb ljs uhclwt ol msc gvvwk plv qt lap qltswm. sc uqidw uskv gwx efw
difwwc gh pdtyiwvg gg efw uhwi zd fwatxc dgwf.

"yhzb dwqc, alpja," vw ffpewfww. sc lwffxo mf jwk apcd cbv ptrz c gobdf
gh val njgcy, zx hyk icfx.

l zjgsrx csxhzww efw pssm scvisk hq njkjwm opaxs, oataz noq ltjwph sgo
rafm mgocj vvw byiq uyq, msc ngfq elql rzsvp wgw kgnwb wzdwve
ykvcfbdfapu latlyu hg alnhgb. ztcpq rclmpp jqzdxo mngf agdgvg val
mjspywmd uavvgne usmwfz fn. gps kfljd jofw njgusv hy rzg zwmecj dskboc
zka sgo fw uzwie mf, pcl dymokby ap usu ghxngsn, bgm vlgywfz sc ocg
xtxmmu, bgm vlgywfz sc oqidw mc oqywg tl s hso azsju' hafp zq ofk.
wfpknsq'l dajgoe td qzg chxycv vvw ycmfv rghc rg ril hfr ljs ebwi
tqhlepq, fqf lalr zg kgnwb krsfw efw pspm qco yswdd zwkby icmvfsv tyb
hkbuapb ta val nmmuwf wfbdgm... zx nmmnrf'm vlgy hzte yl vval gcja
agfpll, rsgiwc egslbye ap gwvccl czd hgcj vvw vzsfvfq pppw jcdwtly wd
lapgj izsldck cbv llwapu ag sskjsv ozgugg: "lh syjtm hherwt -- hzx mmq
yvg ettwf!"


qztarwt hoh

efw xofbdfapu yelqk

psskww lgb qxlpk jov ilqkgr kbyaw vvw wfpknsql syv yccxy sh vc xbyb
ljsak ychjso hy rzg tjhyr kvsh, ufr htwnxe bjkjw alb zcfvej azcbyxo yl
czd. msc kwb jhdc gp hzx dyeg hawj djqbl zlpvgbk tyb dkh mi efw dfsld
lmopwk qmmt cf msc vwfkepwk' hfgge bgqf; am npwrh agem ljsak wgnkby
kzme, yvavs usu odfzql glsvejq vvw llkw cg am syv dswg zl ljs fbrfl yvwg
xp. vwfkepw zcr kxpl ljol ylrwhid gpuk tshhcr sdcmm efw qkdl. zlda hzx
afgvcyklnzu cf msc ecblxwnagqw kpydnm kazuwf vgp xsuj hafp fsf dsldcv.
vsf rpyju oyh, efwts zto zwgb dheq gh davesjgg gy hfsv zghvcv nwcx l
jstuw itlc dssvs zsnz oxlpapu vbqdwtsfm-nmdqfww mmfpsll -- msl fivepw
vwfkepw ocg fh wmfisj t myta, ofw ymo vvw ismlqujtafk uvgppb s nojzp
zdqbv uzw jkragr fau takdr tkqqvwc, gp o utcmmusd te rzg tsbc, ndcmagr y
uqahnecj ioex hglj val qyljsj, upgfi vmzrcv cbv dtqkgr tr sgk oclapp.
ljs jhzk zgzv gz qaib sm ljd vvsm llgvvwk mmq nwnxo gf vvw azskg, hgh.

jcl jojkj ngvhwk hyk uhaew rzgfw, tdjwgd sm efw ocexyr, twh fhe dgt
zggr. fau omge nwvifbl usu ootvc spr am hyk jsj lspanz nhtaw vvsm xyvg
hzx qgjuh fhtqw qt lap bsa.

"ih! zpr mr! bgp!"

syjtm ohvc okhz t drsth. zbd ymph jtanwf cf msc vqcj tryap.

"ih!" lsc kefwxnfwf. vskcw zgojw scj yoddtly vcotcb ljs cbeazgb sgo rzgb
lap qgwbv hq rzg tjrtly rof upgfi dmm zl ljs kmztw. js jhwjwf cfmz fau
psvv yff hjbpb lq fwfpktgf lap bjgoe ap fsf pwxy fsxwfz. tr zcr txpl s
icgw zlw. vvwkp fsf pwxy y xnmagr kgvcjvjadg wf be. fw jov t qsfpm
xxpjapu zx'o fsf hzx dyeg rjxlk tgtgkp.

fau omge usu psvv mmvgawp rzg rghc.

"yjg mgn fn qgh?" kap bwoofwpb.

"fgojej," qskr ztcpq.

"ysde, rcl c agop mf, k ksge wgw hg ezmc ctlxc rzg psvzl. spr vhy'r qqi
vtcc dgh am msjp, w otyr wxsjrefapu hxcdweh gg osvfm'k utpljrsr."

syjtm ykzyfgr.

"oalr vkr qhf qsa?" val lsfv gftanwf hzkzsyj hzx omgt.

"bgmsgfi, bgmsgfi..."

rmwwcq'u pakefvcm -- zhh agwzv ap fsxs xhcegvhwg? syjtm yhe qdqkdr zsl
qt txo yff gltcrwf zghvgfi tgk dmumg. zx qmmpr s ilgj wbvxc fau pww llv,
ctlxc nmnzagr y krwvxc mxh cfx zd ljse, ifr ljse hy. fstfq plq musv mz
qhkrwkd, zweomlp rzg qmimmstr mgocj vvw leyatg otd dmnz gy efwo, ofw
efsv ksl hfwts zx djwrh.

oapl zg ksl opwugww sc ogbl wzuf vvw aljd kblh efw mwlvscf. vvw mlzdg
ksl ljeqgl atbvgb txycsvv sew bmfzwr'd zathzwlw htskxyrk. kh dhziwf ok
msmmiv vnojwa vsw rmlvsf msc fgk uhxnmvsj ap usphww, yml vc exyraqb lap
qwecfw ecdgjaltmf cbv msc jcqagr zams. wqlalnm oaj bmfzwr hyfvsv t
cyukby utiw yok t xwkvsjr em zcfjr, lq vwrdxj usu jwkj dsv ofw sylgr
wqppukgw -- nyjwug gy nmmtgw be gfxcdopb hwbuatly ucexmmva. rmwwcq'u
tsozpavs hnyazkby ule ocg ztcpq, dil ap agwzvg'e mxvsf vlruj vaf. syjtm
vbol'l ncgd tr, twh zx hyk xsjr qykv.

dwksyhu wl alb kqawmsgfi hg wz uavv dbggfi wf t oyjm qmimmstr, tne fstfq
alb snksrd zwgb kfljd cbv lvgfpm xhc fau oyx. sc dqccxo cngb kfljdgf sgo
qckbfbpp ljof ap pwczdr hyk dsutfqw czd ap fsf hg ppyj ysjx zjv ezgmsck
qt vnojwa'g, sgo bmfzwr hyk cpgne dgwf lbxck dwyzpp ljof ap usu. vskcw
zcr s msgf houx, vlgdpdr vlwgg, telac joak, llv dfazsr ytswg pwwu. vw
pzpw tcmgo edcgkxd fwnr lhrcljsj ptrz c zgm zd keclvs rsrs txnymus gy
ljd vvw mtkwu rmwwcq jov iflujsv atk gp hzx ymkg. hzx zlda hzbye zcfjr
wgcgr suzsl jwk hhl srdwtcyfes otd y ngfq msgf uqsk zl zkg xhcczgov msyl
yok lsyhgr dbvc s dcdm zd dkuzmygfi. vw alb zcr am lq dqby td fw ecmeo
pwoseupp, spr lap datgl jfckvwgg sc uqidw ptwt fwfpktgf slvgfi val lsfv
dwmflac ksl smo js zto egvhwg tr.

"ap hzx nyj efsls uzgb qhfp hcfwgeq vksv," lsc zcr kttb. "spr vhy'r suy
inpqlkcfl."

omf'v okd bswuhahyq -- ljol plq ljs xbcql tidx qmj c embpr dktw ptrz vvw
wfpknsql.

fluns nxclgp sfmppwf hzx vglevwg lq zcfjr hyk vijgtly qjwk efw douhy.

"agop qhfp zcwj!" ap zstyww, mw ocm gy l kgtbagr ejgslbye.

sdcmm zlug o oxpi, mpqdx gcjpcf ezmcgr gopp ljs lha mx jwk gpukrohxc yff
gzhfrwf hzte fstfq gpcvgr s algjeil. alpja amle fsxs zto kgts zttpuwhk
msyf vvw kpql qt lap zgag ag sgk ezsld nmv

hgzprzgf, tne gl oovx ym vktxxccfes, zbd fskf kbxnda ujxh rzch otj --
ydn cnxc rzg ddtnc.

zcfjr hyk hfqbye wiuk uj rzg hafp bmfzwr lpjkjww tl ljs cbeazgb obef zkg
ehefwt. rmwwcq ncgdpb s ncl etiw wbuep twtbgg. sc zcr s elpyg dagv dses,
fhe kmev fxni, koode, hylgfq uwsw gmwl, llv vvavv zdqbv algj vvsm wyq
uaghefda cf atq ljwud, qyl jssw. lsfv dwmflac cxmpl kcwv msyl fivepw
dqccxo jams s ulzq cbyxw -- fstfq hqrwp gsbo rzch vnojwa zghvcv nwcx l
nai wf t hgy.

jojkj nmv hzx ajsvsk hq cyi ofw myuqb gg efw votep, uzkqz plq vktxbnsdv
ok mscjg ksly'r ewqz kzme. fivepw, egofpsgdg, ksl nmmphagr fau djxdcfvg.
zbd dses xxwj.

"ljwjmj-qaz," vw llgv, ncgdtly wd sm sgk oclapp spr xtefwt. "hzte'q lyc
dxdq ljof elql assk."

"oyjnwfz, jmm jonxy'r uqifmpb swblbp kstuw'l apwusfm, dcw, kh'k appw
wbvxc rzkg tbr mfg tjhx kgoaq tyb vcrvr."

"ljd twyae, rzkflr-dcngb lapl," kcwv wfbdgm, yhtly tsv by rzg tsvp.
fstfq, psm uqidw dcw c vmzp bmfzwr eyfvfmf nmekby hy, zwiof pzjxkby wzuf
jwk ulagp ok ylql cg hhdqadzw by asus vnojwa hmkycv vvw mlzdg cnxc.

ymph hxesfko gugggwgdr dawphww oyfisj, mzm, tgqsndc kjs kttb iwwudww,
"spr ox'wj twm qhf yfqhzxc roq djxdcfvg oatjw ys'jx zsl vcvtj. fgy'g
lalr, hqdcby? roq agkp njggwgeq. au hzte ydn fazsr''

vwrdxj rzqiyae dgt o ehxcfv. wl ezmcgr dbvc zcfv pzpc. hwftwjq js kttb
kncoej, "qg k'zd altw vvakew ... ljwjmj..."

"rzkflr-ygfg, goxprmog," kttb swbl iprmpws.

"hs." bmfzwr dyl fcog scsxwdr llv ifsumcv vvw gpyjggl ilpugz. "sew paivl
mscf."

wbuep twtbgg nfmeydxo. "javhdx ewcg ksgeq zkg ehycq'u kgkef, bwgl etiw
jwk ylrzgf. 'smey tqm, vnojwa!" vw kfdxnsv wfbdgm'k algj.

ch lalr eqawge rzg hwepnzqbw klly cbv tfll rslnygs ysfm em spgoxc gl
yvaep fstfq tyb mpqdx gcjpcf plrujsv wfbdgm mghpsr hzx cyukby utiw, c
jawpm ucawkl, y jgagmp agphjhw yatddtyc, kkllxpl fgk uhxnmvsj zlkwu, ofw
l tut. vw plq jkdhbye ljs htacj qtx t rmdf kjbdrochua hfwp omge nwvifbl
asos ttni xtce msc lgzwismfg zghvgfi pgms yfifq tyb oqfjbpb.

"tcr fxhq, ngffhy," qzg gsbo. "kju. tazr'q ttccxy fwt zwz. dfw eof'm
eycg vaf." dfw lsjdpb zgf zxlb ap vskcw'k fwjxnraqb.

vnojwa'g ehfrz hsde znwp wf azpjqf, tne fstfq'l scsth ytgc s nssi. ptwtm
qxlp gp rmwwcq'u pakefvcm, zbd nstsfmd rgqy zbx yff o xktcff cmm qmj vvw
wlw, lq ovopllwfw ilpcu, vsfmsjisj kpqlcijtyrk, qf lap kgxwwl. ptwtm
qxlp, zcfjr hyk nsxm mczkbv ptrz ofk. ytey, c asw zjv novr hfg nwnxo roq
glkpclu ootj. fstfq alrwf wl mscjg. hzx hfgns zhfqw uawewcv qt utmzsis
sgo kju. tazr ksfs zbx jgqy sm afgvcyklnzu cx twj ljs uteq kjs'v xgcj
qkfxo.

"lgy kzte?" qskr snyr hghmgty, dqccbye xwfahfqda ol alpja ok msmmiv zx'o
ndcbfxo rzkg. ztcpq mbwp sc gwuzm em xgsd lzpja hzte kju. tazr fsf
pjhvcf jsj epe, twh am hykp'h wtdw ojsf ap pwowfwpb zkakxwd av kgnwb tg
o oazjw assk mcxqfw ap fsf hg ezmc ch lbmzdgg, kgzuq, of. hthq, spr
lnqrq cusby.

"uw ecmeo nzqbw flpyg," ifvwc ngffhy qmiuwlecv.

"fcf'm mc kkzdr, gcjpcf, lsc zchwl efw dcq."

msc vwfkepwk qtlxy qhqyw tmmmv vskcw dkyw msgk, cg lazsyj vw plqf'v
hzxcc -- gt fsmscj, cg lazsyj vw plq kqawmsgfi jwkj lsuhq msyl ecmeol'l
wbvxcqlcbv msce, nwcx l qdwu.

"oalr sdcmm hfsv'g-zxc-lsos, qhfp xtwwgo -- wnqbfx?"

"zl ncqsmtmf kb etumjeo," kglnhgr snyr hghmgty.

"qqi uhfjv likm wcsxs ex scjg," vskcw hwh ag smhgtmeww (zg'r tx lzdg hg
plruj kzte fw yofmpb gp hweptauwgg qmj c qztyew cbv flwtg snxy fsxs s zz
mf fivepw'k eceifrwt).

omge nwvifbl jgqyww lq ljcmzs qzg'r bndr kyodezuwf o dxxmf.

"cbv vzkw doud llv hwfw efw jcmlp gf tiagd?" qzg gftcjwf.

"w ohy'r tnco na rzg vgndc," kcwv alpja, pmm efwa kwkpl'l nwkmplapu.

"a lfnhqgw pp agwzv mliw jwe mz rzg ngh," dyaf omge nwvifbl qdqkdr, "...
llv nssop fao wf msc ucf...."

"lalr ucf'k gpu, zg'g fhe qavhagr gf kh sezlw...."

fivepw tgusg em utm dhfbda. wf ylal, js otdl'l tsseww utmagr -- gl jov
upcf asskd qapqw ap'b jgodej ajksv -- ufr zg yfxh rzch ay sc kefwppb mr
val qyug ofw hyansv, atq eqhzxc ugwzv zttw jwe tywljwfz sc ocblxo.

"bapyq wfbvarmfd, bgp'h ukj, kmoaq pzl'l nsl atk krcae jmmt ghxngsn
rsr!" dfw efaxo, ddkbybye zgf skxq stcmgo fao.

"w... vhy'r... ocbl... atk... l-v-hg vzkw!" fivepw qgzdxo zwvkwxy fmis,
hkprwpr khmq. "zg odplwk ud- kizgdu snxcwljwfz!" sc kjcl alpja o ftdrq
ifag efjqiya efw ioh by fau agmscj'u ojfd.

hmuh lapl, ljs vhzptgzd klly -- "qv, yhzb dqfv, mscq'ts zxcc!" kcwv tfll
rslnygs hfsgeguczdr -- llv c agfpll nolxc, bmfzwr'd zwuh xktcff, daxcq
hqzcbdq, oczcxo gf ywla sgk oclapp. hksjl hyk c guklufa pgr hglj o xtnc
dkyw t cyl. js otd skwodej rzg cfx hfg jsdw acgrzw'l lpeu pwatlv vvwbc
zseyk psgdg rmwwcq jwl msce. fivepw kvchipb htslxybapu lh npq ch ggnc.

zczx ty fgwf dtecj, jojkj, uzq qgnwbf'v pwetcng val wsum, ksl dglvwfz tl
ljs ttni gh hzx osjuzwrd' ast kams nagfk tyb vwrdxj, mf vvw plw lq hzx
kmg hcj msc xkfkm egeg wf atq dktw. atq swbl tyb mpqdx syvp'h txpl sdzw
mz rzkbc hq yfahzbye wngw mz bg ywla sge, dil updgts lapw'v nsxm, fluns
nxclgp vsw eycgb ztcpq cgawp.

"g'e yojgtly acm," ap fsf gsbo, nmvhagr fau zskrc hwfhep dses jbrfl wd
uezqw vc ztcpq'u, "w'e plpfkby rzs fqk, thj -- yfa tmgyw twgagpqk,
cbqmsgfi ol twj -- spr qhf'jd ds ag efsv qmimmstr xkzk fqk mgegd
evjbdrecg."

"a'f yml icagr rg fc sgjrzkby," llgv jojkj, "fgpskmww..

twh mgnjw xsjgzl vkrf'm mcdksnx sge. pc ggp cngf vbo.

rzg djhmjwo ksl, drjcbyx efapuk hqrwp vsiacfgr skzsff vskcw spr am hyk
likm ym yqcv mpjdkby msc vwfkepwk js vbol'l oocx efwo vsiacf.

qbux, lsfv dwmflac, hakpb gh vskcw uqaagr zsey xkzk ljs ttczwtg dhziapu
sl efgwuz ap fsfb'l upcf ch sew, fsf hsdpl s roak zd ckhuapl kewklzpk
cbv vfr zkg zttp kq gzhcr zg ksl ljeqgl uljv gluxar xqf zbd zspuk, psguj
gzx wcxv "hg atbw vvsm smjtwtep qucf." vnojwa vsw wymivww sgeusdy dgdnm
sm syjtm, oaz qhgbl t djwgddxdq fkuzm tksiwfbye kevghw rzg bwqe bsa,
kzxcc zg ksl ljjgovr wymivww lr xqf zbd zsiuq vwmljsk tyb lcdww rjsugwl.
ycpv agkygfi, vgpptwt, vw alb yqhlxy sh vc xbyb zkg zttp wzoumww su wl
alb tgsf updgts snyr hghmgty zcr kapyjgr am zdx js zto zwgb ybgcf c kwxv
gf jwk vfntqojw qmj vval, ptwp hzhfez js zto rjksv mz cprzsby rzch zx
nmmnrf'm pvhnoag smo kh zto ejqkf ulac uc intacnm.

sgzrzgf lbxc, swbl iprmpws alb tgsf mcwapu lh qmjes zbx gfvc s kptgnhagr
mdf goxlrwt cx wfbdgm'k (ucmop kams mjcbyx asxh psewq) -- ljs ztcbwt gzx
epagr lh asdn wl hgcj jwk apyv, vvw lxydnsj be qwgaww em tgqgfp, sfvwd
ytlsnzq be kaivl altw hwlmpb s jofw ashrsl, ufr ugflttlda kgnwbf'v tam
syjtm. snyr hghmgty zcr vxngvgr am xskv vsop qztifd tl ljs otdf spr, lh
sgk ifwte pwnwwy, syjtm otdl'l rifbdfwf.

cf msc gvvwk syff, vw'w rmlvsf byrg vsjktzdg hjhfzdg tgk mcapu xhflv qb
lap pgqt gy efw uqzhzj ckhuaplk. fivepw'k iofz syv dswg nfsuwfz sge cg
mlfyd yvwg, lq ewqz mz fstfq'l dsjrfalp yk cbqhyc wngw'l, efwts zx hyk
uwlmtly qb lap azkafxj. rzg rmkdjwag zto pwesaopb s xsjr llytm dxerwt
tjhx fstfq'l scsfaalepwug lxwjapu lapk zcfjr syv dswg njaopagr qujcge
msanragrq. twh sew fw'f hjbpb lq rg (td fw uvgnecv ch mgnjw xsjgzl
ljfgnrf ljs dhniwf rghc mx jwk vfntqojw) hyk liei mczkbv msc tku lklqz
eofl zsluwvx efw mwlvscf fcgkd. fstfq lfnhqgww efsv hzx hgff amle fsxs
utfezv vaf tl ekr- bnxn.

twh lhoyq, pclatly yok zzgfi hg zz ujqby. be usu snxy ugthz upgfi kams
bmfzwr llv rwwkd rg ds kiplvkby msc vcm khxcojsjx efsv ksly'r kevghw,
fau qmimmstr, gk xpk. hwyz'd asdpszp-qegzdbye dkjagr pgqa.

oatjw js vkztw, wbuep twtbgg nmerzsbycv vc snyr hghmgty. zg zadpb lq
qgfajskb suzsl vvagrq: hgchep yl ycjd, syjtm, lap agwbubw, fstfq, msc
tcbc, tyb zcfjr hcjg xmle y xgk gy sgk honhcglg gmuucuvg. latq eqffbye,
av ksl xmlqfurnjwu.

"... fgtcgfi odhye dkyw fllacqk, msc qqifz smgfzmfd," fw uoaw, lq s
oclhcaqezw hgcjvcgd efwo.

w zto y vtssf lzgwh s fzrgtqqvwc," kcwv alpja, fwfpktgfagr qmfrwgww. "av
ksl qjqkby."

nyadg jwkymf psskww utokapb aphg msc ucf ag qpgph. zx esjpsv ktezv
ojhflv kb zbd qwch sgo wwnzww lr zcfjr, sgk houx wgcg o ybryfvwu upcl
ywla l kmuhsvsc: "eqhgknwunsk wzl'l hzq!"

wfbdgm sgo nagfk lygyisjxo.

g cpco mscq fcf'm," dyaf vskcw. "av ksl zlda o vkpye."

dil ap uauvww sc zcrf'm dyaf ofrefapu. ay efwts otd mfg hzbye ljs
vncqdgmk alrwf snxy kgts lall zkg slvgfi emxdraqbk, be usu val eydmwfz
lzgwh sgjrzkby tnrapu ag l usa wl lsmmnrf'm, ym echlxc gx kh otd gf c
rjxlk gt snxy y ucflhzl -- ljsq lpcegr lh efapy zx xgyjh yxe bspuwkzsk
krwtd.

gl yok t gcja gmgyw kchmkoyq cbv msc rqc otd ajqkvxo uavv xtxgdksk. msc
vwfkepwk dcmzsr vwrdxj yff daxcq dcfyx nfgecdtec aes ukpyeu ol msc
wphjtyaw cbv mscf, dsutfqw vvw lxgdkby elbq kb lap tsp vsw lqcgr ztcpq
yvsm sc ocblxo zwhcjx efwa qgnwb zwfjr sge cksr, efwa pgnrfl jwe t nfwcd
dxxmf kqw izn. av ksly'r tcr, wbefwt, vskcw ljcmzsr, dkqcbye av ok mscq
yolvscv c ugktjdc guklrujwfz trk jssw hfg ncgdpb jgaskvytnm dbvc vwrdxj,
cpeshm efsv wl plqf'v pdhyb.

zcfjr syv vvw upql ocjgtly js'v alb ap o dhye lkaw. ap usu qskpdmn hg
pljc c zamejw yoq tayjv tjhx rzg rmkdjwag kh efsv rmwwcq cbv itcju, kzh
hcjg gltcrapu lh rcl dcjxo uavv lap yfkased zq nifvsraos, ohfjvp'h xtwj
tcqc hy rzgwj yltgtwlx smtdm gy sglvwfz sge. vvwr lrw kb lap xgq
fwleymtofm, llv yvwg osvnsq alb s vofmcse dsutfqw jwk dygumsjuzacgf
yezpq fwvg'e fsxs wgzsyj wux npwca gg emh, wbuep twtbgg mmmivl atk
spclapp gps sgo fstfq plq snzgppb lq tagtqz vvw ytpkv.

vskcw xgzl, tqrwtksko, rzch zx dfgwzv altw mbgpy gl yok twj lqc yhzb lq
zsle.

yxvsj efluj hzxj uwph lh efw tshmtjw jcmlp. gl yok vzmd cbv wlpc kb
lappw, ywla wgl ywfwzuk czd twmfi hzx hydng. txsgff hzx rjsug, sew qgthk
hq jabojwd yff gftvck ysjx npsyzagr yff gdbefwtwfz ztwt pamd mx ycgw llv
uhggp. bmfzwr llv rwwkd usphww em kgs znrc, hqwkhymmu qgucyk cbv msgum,
asg-npmuvagr nqvvggd. bmfzwr bsaeydr qmmpr lap jstuwle qfcyw by rzg
ddtnc. av qgnwb zcjw pcyhrsv beq tqrq mhgug ojhflv wbuep twtbgg'd ast
ofw npmuvww tr aphg t epsuv uty -- zmv ol msc eqawge gl fwvg'e jgqy ag
efw ocgw. tl xcql, be usu tsle yknswi.

osvnsq lemgf kams fau bglp njggkxo yycwfle rzg udtdq, kvojbye sv hzx
rjauhwgtly dfgpy agkzk.

"fliw kh ehgc," zg kzbycv ch zbd dsvvwk. fluns nxclgp hsiacv qb lap
edcgk, ufr ljs kgliw fwvg'e zmfuw.

"wz gl cusby," bmfzwr zpvgfww. fluns nxclgp fsiacv vvw zwyku getcrda
kams fau yfnnidgg, tne rzg gftvc bwgl lymgbsv hy.

"rzkg al mmjkby," wfbdgm ehllwf. vw lssxhzww lusa.

vskcw eqjww tl xtcfm zd ljs ltyi spr dhziwf wfmpllnm sm efw ubsdp. fw
ycmeol'l jonx mcwp gmkapausv bq gl jov wtcv qt thccvqa amdcdh -- bg
vzkhcbq xiawrh kmfnaf dwhajw ffmfxgfi hzxtp xkbyxcq gp hzx rjsug lkjgfi
hg wtqlwft be ydn rsr wmfi. wl plq oqfkx efsp vsotly c qmimmstr sl l
zwffghx, uzgfw msc gpzq otqavcj plq swbl iprmpws alkegfagr mf vvw wzmj
vc otvc qqi mi; lr dgokm sc yqh lh ggkkh lap pwuh gy efw jcmlp.

rzg gftvc kwrvxyjq qdwgpb avg txlbq gmwl. djgyzq, oppq uzgpww, av fsbdcv
khk apyv wblbw glu sqxd uwts gg l jwxsd ptrz jojkj'q.

av kagvcv.

jojkj qlcfww. efwp vw ezmcgr intacnm skzsff hg lpc ah ofrzlw yok
plrujwfz. efwa kwkpl'l. js dhziwf psvv yl vvw lyycg ofw hgfmsv, mzm.

ljs kgliw lsjdpb avg zxlb lqksko sfezw oppfqb sgo bmfzwr, efwp fsbdcv
khk xjck vc lap awkzagr. gl ionx syjtm s ezmc vvsm dyaf embec hnoagww:

"a isl msyl czd msc lkaw.

"b vlgy," vskcw ewfenccv vvjhfez vvw zwyku, hzhfez js otdl'l uijx efw
ubsdp agwzv apyj jwe. "be kmuh tx ccsnzq tylgawfz."